x
Process optimization for the anaerobic digestion of poplar (Populus L.) leaves.
Statistical optimization of simultaneous saccharification fermentative hydrogen production from corn stover.
Enhancement on enzymolysis of pigskin with ultrasonic assistance.
Enhancement of pH values stability and photo-fermentation biohydrogen production by phosphate buffer.
Biological pretreatment of corn straw for enhancing degradation efficiency and biogas production.
Evaluation of biohydrogen yield potential and electron balance in the photo-fermentation process with different initial pH from starch agricultural leftover.
Low prevalence of viable Toxoplasma gondii in swine from slaughter houses in the central of China.
Engineering pyrolysis biochar via single-step microwave steam activation for hazardous landfill leachate treatment.
Near-infrared spectroscopy coupled with chemometrics algorithms for the quantitative determination of the germinability of Clostridium perfringens in four different matrices.
Polycalin is involved in the toxicity and resistance to Cry1Ac toxin in Helicoverpa armigera (Hübner).
Effect of alkaline pretreatment on photo-fermentative hydrogen production from giant reed: Comparison of NaOH and Ca(OH)2.
Enhanced biodiesel production from diseased swine fat by ultrasound-assisted two-step catalyzed process.
Effects of different pretreatment methods on the structural characteristics, enzymatic saccharification and photo-fermentative bio-hydrogen production performance of corn straw.
Biohydrogen production through active saccharification and photo-fermentation from alfalfa.
Evaluation of hydrogen yield potential from Chlorella by photo-fermentation under diverse substrate concentration and enzyme loading.
Chemical-looping gasification of corn straw with Fe-based oxygen carrier: Thermogravimetric analysis.
Compound probiotics alleviating aflatoxin B1 and zearalenone toxic effects on broiler production performance and gut microbiota.
Integrated metagenomic and metatranscriptomic profiling reveals differentially expressed resistomes in human, chicken, and pig gut microbiomes.
Genomic diversity analysis and identification of novel SSR markers in four tobacco varieties by high-throughput resequencing.
First predatory journals, now conferences: The need to establish lists of fake conferences.
Valorization of exo-microbial fermented coconut endosperm waste by black soldier fly larvae for simultaneous biodiesel and protein productions.
Enhancement of converting corn stalk into reducing sugar by ultrasonic-assisted ammonium bicarbonate pretreatment.
Synergistic effect of mixing wheat straw and lignite in co-pyrolysis and steam co-gasification.
Fast corn stalk pyrolysis and the influence of catalysts on product distribution.
Gamma-aminobutyric acid enhances tolerance to iron deficiency by stimulating auxin signaling in cucumber (Cucumis sativusL.).
Lead concentrations in blood from incubating common eiders (Somateria mollissima) in the Baltic Sea.
A novel multiresistance gene cluster located on a plasmid-borne transposon in Listeria monocytogenes.
Analysis of angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) from different species sheds some light on cross-species receptor usage of a novel coronavirus 2019-nCoV.
Isolation and pathogenicity testing of avian reticuloendotheliosis virus from layer chickens in China.
Porcine deltacoronavirus infection alters bacterial communities in the colon and feces of neonatal piglets.
Simultaneous detection of classical swine fever virus and porcine circovirus 3 by SYBR green I-based duplex real-time fluorescence quantitative PCR.
Stepwise selection on homeologous PRR genes controlling flowering and maturity during soybean domestication.
Phospholipase D-derived phosphatidic acid promotes root hair development under phosphorus deficiency by suppressing vacuolar degradation of PIN-FORMED2.
The pomegranate (Punica granatum L.) draft genome dissects genetic divergence between soft- and hard-seeded cultivars.
ZmILI1 regulates leaf angle by directly affecting liguleless1 expression in maize.
Intervening in sibling competition for assimilates by controlled pollination prevents seed abortion under postpollination drought in maize.
The basic helix-loop-helix transcription factor OsBLR1 regulates leaf angle in rice via brassinosteroid signalling.
Characteristics of the fecal microbiota of high- and low-yield hens and effects of fecal microbiota transplantation on egg production performance.
Modulation of SBD-1 expression by Saccharomyces cerevisiae cell wall components in ovine ruminal epithelial cells.
A spontaneous wheat-Aegilops longissima translocation carrying Pm66 confers resistance to powdery mildew.
Phage Cocktail Therapy: Multiple Ways to Suppress Pathogenicity.
Direct Amination of Aromatic C-H Bonds with Free Amines.
A rapid colloidal gold-based immunochromatographic strip assay for monitoring nitroxynil in milk.
Microbial diversity of representative traditional fermented sausages in different regions of China.
Broad-spectrum detection of zeranol and its analogues by a colloidal gold-based lateral flow immunochromatographic assay in milk.
NbCycB2 represses Nbwo activity via a negative feedback loop in tobacco trichome development.
BRD4 inhibition exerts anti-viral activity through DNA damage-dependent innate immune responses.
Novel recyclable deep eutectic solvent boost biomass pretreatment for enzymatic hydrolysis.
Melatonin improves rice salinity stress tolerance by NADPH oxidase-dependent control of the plasma membrane K+ transporters and K+ homeostasis.
Using HJ-CCD image and PLS algorithm to estimate the yield of field-grown winter wheat.
Dietary Supplementation with Compound Probiotics and Berberine Alters Piglet Production Performance and Fecal Microbiota.
Comprehensive Transcriptome Analysis of lncRNAs Reveals the Role of lncAD in Chicken Intramuscular and Abdominal Adipogenesis.
Biosorption of sterols from tobacco waste extract using living and dead of newly isolated fungus Aspergillus fumigatus strain LSD-1.
Characterization of Limonoids Isolated from the Fruits of Melia toosendan and Their Antifeedant Activity against Pieris rapae.
Nonspecific phospholipase C6 increases seed oil production in oilseed Brassicaceae plants.
Genome-wide impacts of alien chromatin introgression on wheat gene transcriptions.
The mitochondrial genomes of ladybird beetles and implications for evolution and phylogeny.
Complete genome sequence of a novel rhabdo-like virus from the Chinese black cutworm Agrotis ipsilon (Lepidoptera: Noctuidae).
The Cytoprotective Enzyme Heme Oxygenase-1 Suppresses Pseudorabies Virus Replication in vitro.
Identification of a General Odorant Receptor for Repellents in the Asian Corn Borer Ostrinia furnacalis.
Histological mucous cell quantification and mucosal mapping reveal different aspects of mucous cell responses in gills and skin of shorthorn sculpins (Myoxocephalus scorpius).
Effect of compost and inorganic fertilizer on organic carbon and activities of carbon cycle enzymes in aggregates of an intensively cultivated Vertisol.
MiRNAs and mRNAs Analysis during Abdominal Preadipocyte Differentiation in Chickens.
Comparative Transcriptome Analysis Provides Insights Into Yellow Rind Formation and Preliminary Mapping of the Clyr (Yellow Rind) Gene in Watermelon.
Predicting grain protein content of field-grown winter wheat with satellite images and partial least square algorithm.
Two-way immune effects of deoxynivalenol in weaned piglets and porcine alveolar macrophages: Due mainly to its exposure dosage.
Characterization of Pingliang xiaoheidou (ZDD 11047), a soybean variety with resistance to soybean cyst nematode Heterodera glycines.
A Plant-Produced Recombinant Fusion Protein-Based Newcastle Disease Subunit Vaccine and Rapid Differential Diagnosis Platform.
Interannual variation, ecological risk and human health risk of heavy metals in oyster-cultured sediments in the Maowei Estuary, China, from 2011 to 2018.
Spirulina hydrothermal carbonization: Effect on hydrochar properties and sulfur transformation.
Gold nanoparticles enhance immune responses in mice against recombinant classical swine fever virus E2 protein.
Nutritional quality and health risks of wheat grains from organic and conventional cropping systems.
Large-scale manufacture of VP2 VLP vaccine against porcine parvovirus in Escherichia coli with high-density fermentation.
The iTRAQ-based chloroplast proteomic analysis of Triticum aestivum L. leaves subjected to drought stress and 5-aminolevulinic acid alleviation reveals several proteins involved in the protection of photosynthesis.
Genome-Wide Analysis Reveals Human-Mediated Introgression from Western Pigs to Indigenous Chinese Breeds.
Cryptosporidium parvum gp40/15 Is Associated with the Parasitophorous Vacuole Membrane and Is a Potential Vaccine Target.
Integrated Analysis of miRNA-mRNA Network Reveals Different Regulatory Patterns in the Endometrium of Meishan and Duroc Sows during Mid-Late Gestation.
Intra-Molecular Homologous Recombination of Scarless Plasmid.
Metabolic engineering of an industrial Aspergillus niger strain for itaconic acid production.
Cohesive strategy and energy conversion efficiency analysis of bio-hythane production from corncob powder by two-stage anaerobic digestion process.
H2S mediates apoptosis in response to inflammation through PI3K/Akt/NFκB signaling pathway.
Extracellular production of recombinant sus scrofa trefoil factor 3 by Brevibacillus choshinensis.
miR-382-5p promotes porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus (PRRSV) replication by negatively regulating the induction of type I interferon.
Activation of potassium released from soil by root-secreted organic acids in different varieties of tobacco (Nicotiana tabacum).
Cyclic GMP-AMP synthase is essential for cytosolic double-stranded DNA and fowl adenovirus serotype 4 triggered innate immune responses in chickens.
Influence of cecotrophy on fat metabolism mediated by caecal microorganisms in New Zealand white rabbits.
Evidence for Zoonotic Potential of Enterocytozoon bieneusi in Its First Molecular Characterization in Captive Mammals at Bangladesh National Zoo.
Long-read sequencing and de novo assembly of the Luffa cylindrica (L.) Roem. genome.
The TuMYB46L-TuACO3 module regulates ethylene biosynthesis in einkorn wheat defense to powdery mildew.
Natural variations in the promoter of Awn Length Inhibitor 1 (ALI-1) are associated with awn elongation and grain length in common wheat.
ZmEHD1 Is Required for Kernel Development and Vegetative Growth through Regulating Auxin Homeostasis.
Novel coronavirus 2019, an emerging public health emergency.
Visual detection of porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus using CRISPR-Cas13a.
Vesicular stomatitis virus glycoprotein suppresses nuclear factor kappa-B- and mitogen-activated protein kinase-mediated pro-inflammatory responses dependent on sialic acids.
Porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus up-regulates sialoadhesin via IFN-STAT signaling to facilitate its infection.
Detection of CNV in the SH3RF2 gene and its effects on growth and carcass traits in chickens.
High Potassium Application Rate Increased Grain Yield of Shading-Stressed Winter Wheat by Improving Photosynthesis and Photosynthate Translocation.
Identification of microRNAs in developing wheat grain that are potentially involved in regulating grain characteristics and the response to nitrogen levels.
Estrogen Abolishes the Repression Role of gga-miR-221-5p Targeting ELOVL6 and SQLE to Promote Lipid Synthesis in Chicken Liver.
Characterization of the bZIP Transcription Factor Family in Pepper (Capsicum annuum L.): CabZIP25 Positively Modulates the Salt Tolerance.
High-throughput transcriptome analysis reveals potentially important relationships between lncRNAs and genes in broilers affected by Valgus-varus Deformity (Gallus gallus).
Interactions between Imidacloprid and Thiamethoxam and Dissolved Organic Matter Characterized by Two-Dimensional Correlation Spectroscopy Analysis, Molecular Modeling, and Density Functional Theory Calculations.
The Glycoprotein 5 Is Cleaved by Cathepsin E during Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Virus Membrane Fusion.
Development of a duplex SYBR GreenⅠ based real-time PCR assay for detection of porcine epidemic diarrhea virus and porcine bocavirus3/4/5.
Evaluating the ecological benefits of plantations in arid areas from the perspective of ecosystem service supply and demand-based on emergy analysis.
The distinct spatiotemporal distribution and effect of feed restriction on mtDNA copy number in broilers.
High and fast adsorption of Cd(II) and Pb(II) ions from aqueous solutions by a waste biomass based hydrogel.
Porcine sialoadhesin suppresses type I interferon production to support porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus infection.
Association of a new 99-bp indel of the CEL gene promoter region with phenotypic traits in chickens.
Effect of enzymolysis time on biohydrogen production from photo-fermentation by using various energy grasses as substrates.
ZmCCA1a on Chromosome 10 of Maize Delays Flowering of Arabidopsis thaliana.
Application of a universal soil extractant for determining the available NPK: A case study of crop planting zones in central China.
Genetic characterization and recombination analysis of atypical porcine pestivirus.
Toxoplasma gondii in lambs of China: Heart juice serology, isolation and genotyping.
Enantioselective Synthesis and Antifungal Activity of C18 Polyacetylenes.
Pre-rRNA processing and its response to temperature stress in maize.
The spatio-temporal features of chicken mitochondrial ND2 gene heteroplasmy and the effects of nutrition factors on this gene.
Multiple copies of blaNDM-5 located on conjugative mega-plasmids from porcine Escherichia coli ST218 isolates.
Protection of chickens against hepatitis-hydropericardium syndrome and Newcastle disease with a recombinant Newcastle disease virus vaccine expressing the fowl adenovirus serotype 4 fiber-2 protein.
The Wheat 660K SNP array demonstrates great potential for marker-assisted selection in polyploid wheat.
Mitochondrial genomes of four satyrine butterflies and phylogenetic relationships of the family Nymphalidae (Lepidoptera: Papilionoidea).
Reprogramming and remodeling: transcriptional and epigenetic regulation of salicylic acid-mediated plant defense.
TCDD inhibited the osteogenic differentiation of human fetal palatal mesenchymal cells through AhR and BMP-2/TGF-β/Smad signaling.
Association of growth traits with a structural variation downstream of the KCNJ11 gene: a large population-based study in chickens.
Wildfire puts koalas at risk of extinction.
Morphological variation in Cynodon dactylon (L.) Pers., and its relationship with the environment along a longitudinal gradient.
Activation of activating Fc gamma receptors down-regulates the levels of interferon β, interferon γ and interferon λ1 in porcine alveolar macrophages during PRRSV infection.
Proteome-wide identification and functional analysis of ubiquitinated proteins in peach leaves.
Antiviral activities of Radix isatidis polysaccharide against pseudorabies virus in swine testicle cells.
Advances in Cyclosporiasis Diagnosis and Therapeutic Intervention.
ZnCl2 treatment improves nutrient quality and Zn accumulation in peanut seeds and sprouts.
Coexistence of the blaNDM-1-carrying plasmid pWLK-NDM and the blaKPC-2-carrying plasmid pWLK-KPC in a Raoultella ornithinolytica isolate.
Comparison of the complete plastomes and the phylogenetic analysis of Paulownia species.
The Mitochondrial Genome of Amara aulica (Coleoptera, Carabidae, Harpalinae) and Insights into the Phylogeny of Ground Beetles.
Antibody-Mediated Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome Virus Infection Downregulates the Production of Interferon-α and Tumor Necrosis Factor-α in Porcine Alveolar Macrophages via Fc Gamma Receptor I and III.
Identification and Characterization of a Cellodextrin Transporter in Aspergillus niger.
Co-infection status of porcine circoviruses (PCV2 and PCV3) and porcine epidemic diarrhea virus (PEDV) in pigs with watery diarrhea in Henan province, central China.
Mapping of QTL for kernel abortion caused by in vivo haploid induction in maize (Zea mays L.).
A novel tigecycline resistance gene, tet(X6), on an SXT/R391 integrative and conjugative element in a Proteus genomospecies 6 isolate of retail meat origin.
Genomic and functional genomics analyses of gluten proteins and prospect for simultaneous improvement of end-use and health-related traits in wheat.
Crop Phenomics and High-Throughput Phenotyping: Past Decades, Current Challenges, and Future Perspectives.
Characterization of a recombinant pseudorabies virus expressing porcine parvovirus VP2 protein and porcine IL-6.
Enhancement of bio-hydrogen yield and pH stability in photo fermentation process using dark fermentation effluent as succedaneum.
Expression of Fusarium pseudograminearum FpNPS9 in wheat plant and its function in pathogenicity.
The ongoing cut-down of the Amazon rainforest threatens the climate and requires global tree planting projects: A short review.
Epigenetic modification of H3K4 and oxidative stress are involved in MC-LR-induced apoptosis in testicular cells of SD rats.
FpDep1, a component of Rpd3L histone deacetylase complex, is important for vegetative development, ROS accumulation, and pathogenesis in Fusarium pseudograminearum.
Identification of a poxtA- and cfr-carrying multiresistant Enterococcus hirae strain.
Metagenomic analysis reveals the abundance and diversity of ARGs in children's respiratory tract microbiomes.
Viperin inhibits classical swine fever virus replication by interacting with viral nonstructural 5A protein.
Baicalin suppress growth and virulence-related factors of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus in vitro and vivo.
Duplex TaqMan real-time PCR assay for simultaneous detection and quantification of Anaplasma capra and Anaplasma phagocytophilum infection.
Simultaneous detection of porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus and porcine circovirus 3 by SYBR Green І-based duplex real-time PCR.
Prevalence and multilocus analysis of Giardia duodenalis in racehorses in China.
Cyclospora cayetanensis infection in humans: biological characteristics, clinical features, epidemiology, detection method and treatment.
The Sucrose Non-Fermenting 1-Related Protein Kinase 2 (SnRK2) Genes Are Multifaceted Players in Plant Growth, Development and Response to Environmental Stimuli.
MicroRNA1917-CTR1-LIKE PROTEIN KINASE 4 impacts fruit development via tuning ethylene synthesis and response.
Nanovehicles for Plant Modifications towards Pest- and Disease-Resistance Traits.
Quantitative trait loci analysis of seed oil content and composition of wild and cultivated soybean.
Development of SSR markers in Paeonia based on De Novo transcriptomic assemblies.
Molecular Characterization and Phylogenetic Analysis of Enterocytozoon bieneusi in Lambs in Oromia Special Zone, Central Ethiopia.
ZmIBH1-1 regulates plant architecture in maize.
Influence of Soil Organic Carbon on the Aroma of Tobacco Leaves and the Structure of Microbial Communities.
NtMYB12 Positively Regulates Flavonol Biosynthesis and Enhances Tolerance to Low Pi Stress in Nicotiana tabacum.
Isolation of Three Novel Senecavirus A Strains and Recombination Analysis Among Senecaviruses in China.
Quantitative monitoring of leaf area index in wheat of different plant types by integrating NDVI and Beer-Lambert law.
Be cautious applying carbon-fluorine bonds in drug delivery.
Transcriptome-wide identification of novel circular RNAs in soybean in response to low-phosphorus stress.
Genome-wide association mapping revealed syntenic loci QFhb-4AL and QFhb-5DL for Fusarium head blight resistance in common wheat (Triticum aestivum L.).
Factors affecting global flow of scientific knowledge in environmental sciences.
TubZIP28, a novel bZIP family transcription factor from Triticum urartu, and TabZIP28, its homologue from Triticum aestivum, enhance starch synthesis in wheat.
Support Austria's glyphosate ban.
Molecular characterization and functional expression of voltage-gated sodium channel variants in Apolygus lucorum (Meyer-Dür).
The Arabidopsis APR2 positively regulates cadmium tolerance through glutathione-dependent pathway.
The physical and oxidative stabilities of Pickering emulsion stabilized by starch particle and small molecular surfactant.
Lipidomic profiling analysis of the phospholipid molecules in SCAP-induced lipid droplet formation in bovine mammary epithelial cells.
The mitochondrial genome of Apion squamigerum (Coleoptera, Curculionoidea, Brentidae) and the phylogenetic implications.
Molecular characterization of variant infectious bronchitis virus in China, 2019: Implications for control programmes.
High CO2/hypoxia-induced softening of persimmon fruit is modulated by DkERF8/16 and DkNAC9 complexes.
Genetic diversity of Blastocystis in kindergarten children in southern Xinjiang, China.
[Effects of Different Amendments on Fractions and Uptake by Winter Wheat in Slightly Alkaline Soil Contaminated by Cadmium and Nickel].
The RNA-Dependent RNA Polymerase NIb of Potyviruses Plays Multifunctional, Contrasting Roles during Viral Infection.
Combining Physiological and Metabolomic Analysis to Unravel the Regulations of Coronatine Alleviating Water Stress in Tobacco (Nicotiana tabacum L.).
Phylogenetic analysis of porcine circovirus type 2 (PCV2) between 2015 and 2018 in Henan Province, China.
Transcriptome Analysis Reveals Potential Regulatory Genes Related to Heat Tolerance in Holstein Dairy Cattle.
First detection of Enterocytozoon bieneusi in whooper swans (Cygnus cygnus) in China.
Overexpression of GmWRI1b in soybean stably improves plant architecture and associated yield parameters, and increases total seed oil production under field conditions.
Effect of detoxification methods on ABE production from corn stover hydrolysate by Clostridium acetobutylicum CICC 8016.
Rhythmic change of adipokinetic hormones diurnally regulates locust vitellogenesis and egg development.
Integrative Transcriptomic and Proteomic Analyses of Molecular Mechanism Responding to Salt Stress during Seed Germination in Hulless Barley.
Systematic Analysis of the Maize OSCA Genes Revealing ZmOSCA Family Members Involved in Osmotic Stress and ZmOSCA2.4 Confers Enhanced Drought Tolerance in Transgenic Arabidopsis.
Physical Mapping of Pm57, a Powdery Mildew Resistance Gene Derived from Aegilops searsii.
Enhancing the 1-Aminocyclopropane-1-Carboxylate Metabolic Rate of Pseudomonas sp. UW4 Intensifies Chemotactic Rhizocompetence.
Activation of sialoadhesin down-regulates the levels of innate antiviral cytokines in porcine alveolar macrophages in vitro.
Bacillus lacisalsi sp. nov., a moderately haloalkaliphilic bacterium isolated from a saline-alkaline lake.
Comparative analysis of dsRNA-induced lncRNAs in three kinds of insect species.
A double-labeling marker-based method for estimating inbreeding and parental genomic components in a population under conservation.
Functional characterization of an (R)-selective styrene monooxygenase from streptomyces sp. NRRL S-31.
Synergistic effect of cinnamaldehyde on the thermal inactivation of Listeria monocytogenes in ground pork.
Identification of two Pleurotus ostreatus blue light receptor genes (PoWC-1 and PoWC-2) and in vivo confirmation of complex PoWC-12 formation through yeast two hybrid system.
Whole-genome sequencing identifies potential candidate genes for reproductive traits in pigs.
Molecular Detection, Multilocus Genotyping, and Population Genetics of Enterocytozoon bieneusi in Pigs in Southeastern China.
Molecular Characterization of Giardia duodenalis and Enterocytozoon bieneusi Isolated from Tibetan Sheep and Tibetan Goats Under Natural Grazing Conditions in Tibet.
Metagenomic data screening reveals the distribution of mobilized resistance genes tet(X), mcr and carbapenemase in animals and humans.
Assessment of hemagglutination activity of porcine deltacoronavirus.
Chitin deacetylases Cod4 and Cod7 are involved in polar growth of Aspergillus fumigatus.
Comprehensive dynamic transcriptome analysis at two seed germination stages in maize (Zea mays L.).
Development and characterization of marker-free and transgene insertion site-defined transgenic wheat with improved grain storability and fatty acid content.
A novel intracellularly expressed NS5B-specific nanobody suppresses bovine viral diarrhea virus replication.
[Impacts of combined N and Zn application on Zn translocation, partitioning, and accumulation in Triticum aestivum].
Genome-wide Association Study (GWAS) for Mesocotyl Elongation in Rice (Oryza sativa L.) under Multiple Culture Conditions.
MYH9 Key Amino Acid Residues Identified by the Anti-Idiotypic Antibody to Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome Virus Glycoprotein 5 Involve in the Virus Internalization by Porcine Alveolar Macrophages.
Detection of mobile colistin resistance gene mcr-9 in carbapenem-resistant Klebsiella pneumoniae strains of human origin in Europe.
Maize brachytic2 (br2) suppresses the elongation of lower internodes for excessive auxin accumulation in the intercalary meristem region.
Visualizing the Transport of Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome Virus in Live Cells by Quantum Dots-Based Single Virus Tracking.
Optimizing nitrogen management to achieve high yield, high nitrogen efficiency and low nitrogen emission in winter wheat.
The Maize Class-I SUMO Conjugating Enzyme ZmSCE1d Is Involved in Drought Stress Response.
First Detection of Cryptosporidium spp. in Migratory Whooper Swans (Cygnus cygnus) in China.
Protein expression profiles in Meishan and Duroc sows during mid-gestation reveal differences affecting uterine capacity, endometrial receptivity, and the maternal-fetal Interface.
IFI16 Inhibits Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome Virus 2 Replication in a MAVS-Dependent Manner in MARC-145 Cells.
The Major Factors Causing the Microspore Abortion of Genic Male Sterile Mutant NWMS1 in Wheat (Triticum aestivum L.).
Morpho-physiological and proteomic responses to water stress in two contrasting tobacco varieties.
A multi-channel localized surface plasmon resonance system for absorptiometric determination of abscisic acid by using gold nanoparticles functionalized with a polyadenine-tailed aptamer.
Design and preliminary application of affinity peptide based on the structure of the porcine circovirus type II Capsid (PCV2 Cap).
Data on environmental analysis of natural antioxidant production from walnut husk by a solar photovoltaic-driven system as a replacement for potentially carcinogenic synthetic antioxidants.
Mesocotyl elongation, an essential trait for dry-seeded rice (Oryza sativa L.): a review of physiological and genetic basis.
Specialized sledge dogs accompanied Inuit dispersal across the North American Arctic.
Rapid adaptation of the Irish potato famine pathogen Phytophthora infestans to changing temperature.
Connecting the Dots: A New and Complete Salicylic Acid Biosynthesis Pathway.
YR36/WKS1-Mediated Phosphorylation of PsbO, an Extrinsic Member of Photosystem II, Inhibits Photosynthesis and Confers Stripe Rust Resistance in Wheat.
Krüppel-like factor KLF9 inhibits chicken intramuscular preadipocyte differentiation.
A novel 86-bp indel of the motilin receptor gene is significantly associated with growth and carcass traits in Gushi-Anka F2 reciprocal cross chickens.
Volatile organic compounds emissions from traditional and clean domestic heating appliances in Guanzhong Plain, China: Emission factors, source profiles, and effects on regional air quality.
Tibial growth plate vascularization is inhibited by the dithiocarbamate pesticide thiram in chickens: potential relationship to peripheral platelet counts alteration.
Development of nucleic acid isolation by non-silica-based nanoparticles and real-time PCR kit for edible vegetable oil traceability.
Newer and select maize, wheat, and rice varieties can help mitigate N footprint while producing more grain.
Physicochemical properties and bioactivities of original and Se-enriched polysaccharides with different molecular weights extracted from Pleurotus ostreatus.
Combined propidium monoazide pretreatment with high-throughput sequencing evaluated the bacterial diversity in chicken skin after thermal treatment.
Development of chitosan/gelatin hydrogels incorporation of biphasic calcium phosphate nanoparticles for bone tissue engineering.
Rapid detection of giant salamander iridovirus by cross-priming amplification.
Selection of suitable reference genes for qRT-PCR analysis of Begonia semperflorens under stress conditions.
Morphological and molecular characterizations of Sarcocystis miescheriana and Sarcocystis suihominis in domestic pigs (Sus scrofa) in China.
Occurrence of a Cryptosporidium xiaoi-like genotype in peafowl (Pavo cristatus) in China.
Isolation functional characterization of allatotropin receptor from the cotton bollworm, Helicoverpa armigera.
A rapid and universal method for isolating starch granules in plant tissues.
Development of a blocking immunoperoxidase monolayer assay for differentiation between pseudorabies virus-infected and vaccinated animalss.
The role of blood vessels in broiler chickens with tibial dyschondroplasia.
Antimicrobial Peptide JH-3 Effectively Kills Salmonella enterica Serovar Typhimurium Strain CVCC541 and Reduces Its Pathogenicity in Mice.
Attenuation and characterization of porcine enteric alphacoronavirus strain GDS04 via serial cell passage.
Root and nitrate-N distribution and optimization of N input in winter wheat.
Comparison of Arachis monticola with Diploid and Cultivated Tetraploid Genomes Reveals Asymmetric Subgenome Evolution and Improvement of Peanut.
The mitochondrial genomes of palaeopteran insects and insights into the early insect relationships.
The impact of sample selection strategies on genetic diversity and representativeness in germplasm bank collections.
Dogs as New Hosts for the Emerging Zoonotic Pathogen Anaplasma capra in China.
Genome-Wide Analysis of the FABP Gene Family in Liver of Chicken (Gallus gallus): Identification,Dynamic Expression Profile, and RegulatoryMechanism.
A Strigolactone Signal Inhibits Secondary Lateral Root Development in Rice.
Time to ban lead hunting ammunition.
Genome-wide identification and transcriptome profiling reveal that E3 ubiquitin ligase genes relevant to ethylene, auxin and abscisic acid are differentially expressed in the fruits of melting flesh and stony hard peach varieties.
Molecular characterization and distribution of Cryptosporidium spp., Giardia duodenalis, and Enterocytozoon bieneusi from yaks in Tibet, China.
Transcriptional characterization and response to defense elicitors of mevalonate pathway genes in cotton (Gossypium arboreum L.).
Dissecting the Regulatory Network of Leaf Premature Senescence in Maize (Zea mays L.) Using Transcriptome Analysis of ZmELS5 Mutant.
Molecular characterization of Blastocystis sp. in captive wildlife in Bangladesh National Zoo: Non-human primates with high prevalence and zoonotic significance.
Carotenoid Cleavage Dioxygenases: Identification, Expression, and Evolutionary Analysis of This Gene Family in Tobacco.
QTLs for constitutive aerenchyma from Zea nicaraguensis improve tolerance of maize to root-zone oxygen deficiency.
Porcine IFITM1 is a host restriction factor that inhibits pseudorabies virus infection.
Zinc effects on cadmium toxicity in two wheat varieties (Triticum aestivum L.) differing in grain cadmium accumulation.
Soluble FMDV VP1 proteins fused with calreticulin expressed in Escherichia coli under the assist of trigger factor16 (Tf16) formed into high immunogenic polymers.
Molecular characterization of three intestinal protozoans in hospitalized children with different disease backgrounds in Zhengzhou, central China.
Molecular mapping of quantitative trait loci for grain moisture at harvest and field grain drying rate in maize (Zea mays L.).
A Single Nucleotide Deletion in an ABC Transporter Gene Leads to a Dwarf Phenotype in Watermelon.
Effects of High Temperature and Drought Stress on the Expression of Gene Encoding Enzymes and the Activity of Key Enzymes Involved in Starch Biosynthesis in Wheat Grains.
Time-coursed transcriptome analysis identifies key expressional regulation in growth cessation and dormancy induced by short days in Paulownia.
Discovery of powdery mildew resistance gene candidates from Aegilops biuncialis chromosome 2Mb based on transcriptome sequencing.
Ginsenoside Rg1 Suppresses Type 2 PRRSV Infection via NF-κB Signaling Pathway In Vitro, and Provides Partial Protection against HP-PRRSV in Piglet.
Heteroplasmy in the complete chicken mitochondrial genome.
PDIL1-2 can indirectly and negatively regulate expression of the AGPL1 gene in bread wheat.
MaizeSNPDB: A comprehensive database for efficient retrieve and analysis of SNPs among 1210 maize lines.
The Indispensable Role of Histone Methyltransferase PoDot1 in Extracellular Glycoside Hydrolase Biosynthesis of Penicillium oxalicum.
The bZIP transcription factor FpAda1 is essential for fungal growth and conidiation in Fusarium pseudograminearum.
Combined transcriptomics and proteomics forecast analysis for potential genes regulating the Columbian plumage color in chickens.
VXC-72R/ZrO2/GCE-Based Electrochemical Sensor for the High-Sensitivity Detection of Methyl Parathion.
A novel probe based on rhodamine 101 spirolactam and 2-(2'-hydroxy-5'-methylphenyl)benzothiazole moieties for three-in-one detection of paramagnetic Cu2+, Co2+ and Ni2.
Insect pest control using biotechnology-preface.
The progress in insect cross-resistance among Bacillus thuringiensis toxins.
Ammonium bicarbonate pretreatment of corn stalk for improved methane production via anaerobic digestion: Kinetic modeling.
Grid columnar flat panel photobioreactor with immobilized photosynthetic bacteria for continuous photofermentative hydrogen production.
Valorization of alum sludge via a pyrolysis platform using CO2 as reactive gas medium.
Racemic 3,4-dihydro-4-naphthyl-naphthalen-1(2H)-ones from Juglans regia flowers.
Molecular Phylogeography Analysis Reveals Population Dynamics and Genetic Divergence of a Widespread Tree Pterocarya stenoptera in China.
Tissue-Specific Regulation of Na+ and K+ Transporters Explains Genotypic Differences in Salinity Stress Tolerance in Rice.
Relationship between seed morphological traits and wind dispersal trajectory.
Potential impacts of host specificity on zoonotic or interspecies transmission of Enterocytozoon bieneusi.
Molecular epidemiology, evolution, and phylogeny of Entamoeba spp.
Emergence of a hybrid plasmid derived from IncN1-F33:A-:B- and mcr-1-bearing plasmids mediated by IS26.
Gene microarray integrated with iTRAQ-based proteomics for the discovery of NLRP3 in LPS-induced inflammatory response of bovine mammary epithelial cells.
Functional analysis of prv-miR-LLT11a encoded by pseudorabies virus.
Continuing Impacts of Selective Inhibition on Bacterial and Fungal Communities in an Agricultural Soil.
Comparative proteomics combined with analyses of transgenic plants reveal ZmREM1.3 mediates maize resistance to southern corn rust.
Genome-wide association study of six quality traits reveals the association of the TaRPP13L1 gene with flour colour in Chinese bread wheat.
Expression, purification, and in vitro characterization of kinase domain of NtGCN2 from tobacco.
Correction to: Dissection of two quantitative trait loci with pleiotropic effects on plant height and spike length linked in coupling phase on the short arm of chromosome 2D of common wheat (Triticum aestivum L.).
Development of universal and quadruplex real-time RT-PCR assays for simultaneous detection and differentiation of porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome viruses.
MicroRNAs meet with quantitative trait loci: Small powerful players in regulating quantitative yield traits in rice.
Transcriptome sequencing reveals the effect of biochar improvement on the development of tobacco plants before and after topping.
MicroRNAs and their regulatory networks in Chinese Gushi chicken abdominal adipose tissue during postnatal late development.
Knockout of the HaREase Gene Improves the Stability of dsRNA and Increases the Sensitivity of Helicoverpa armigera to Bacillus thuringiensis Toxin.
Structural variation of the complete chloroplast genome and plastid phylogenomics of the genus Asteropyrum (Ranunculaceae).
Genome-wide characterization of NtHD-ZIP IV: different roles in abiotic stress response and glandular Trichome induction.
Tunable Aggregation-Induced Emission of Imidazole Hydrazones by pH and Anions.
Vis/NIR reflectance spectroscopy for hybrid rice variety identification and chlorophyll content evaluation for different nitrogen fertilizer levels.
2-DE-based proteomic analysis of protein changes associated with etiolated mesocotyl growth in Zea mays.
Genotyping and Zoonotic Potential of Enterocytozoon bieneusi in Pigs in Xinjiang, China.
Pseudomonas sp. UW4 acdS gene promotes primordium initiation and fruiting body development of Agaricus bisporus.
Calculating socially optimal nitrogen (N) fertilization rates for sustainable N management in China.
Calcineurin-Modulated Antimicrobial Peptide Expression Is Required for the Development of Helicoverpa armigera.
Overexpression of OsPIN2 Regulates Root Growth and Formation in Response to Phosphate Deficiency in Rice.
Identification of human pathogenic Enterocytozoon bieneusi, Cyclospora cayetanensis, and Cryptosporidium parvum on the surfaces of vegetables and fruits in Henan, China.
ECOGEMS: efficient compression and retrieve of SNP data of 2058 rice accessions with integer sparse matrices.
Identification of differentially expressed genes and pathways between intramuscular and abdominal fat-derived preadipocyte differentiation of chickens in vitro.
Unravelling the receptor binding property of egg drop syndrome virus (EDSV) from the crystal structure of EDSV fiber head.
Identification of a linear B-cell epitope on glycoprotein (GP) 2a of porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus (PRRSV).
Development of novel subunit vaccine based on truncated fiber protein of egg drop syndrome virus and its immunogenicity in chickens.
Overexpression of OsPT8 Increases Auxin Content and Enhances Tolerance to High-Temperature Stress in Nicotiana tabacum.
Genome-Wide Identification and Analysis of the AP2 Transcription Factor Gene Family in Wheat (Triticum aestivum L.).
Physical Mapping of Stem Rust Resistance Gene Sr52 from Dasypyrum villosum Based on ph1b-Induced Homoeologous Recombination.
Production of a specific monoclonal antibody and a sensitive immunoassay for the detection of diphacinone in biological samples.
Adaptive evolution of Gluconobacter oxydans accelerates the conversion rate of non-glucose sugars derived from lignocellulose biomass.
Competitive electrochemical immunosensor for maduramicin detection by multiple signal amplification strategy via hemin@Fe-MIL-88NH2/AuPt.
Evolutionary analyses of NIN-like proteins in plants and their roles in nitrate signaling.
shinyChromosome: An R/Shiny Application for Interactive Creation of Non-circular Plots of Whole Genomes.
Porcine FcγRIIb mediated PRRSV ADE infection through inhibiting IFN-β by cytoplasmic inhibitory signal transduction.
A prophage and two ICESa2603-family integrative and conjugative elements (ICEs) carrying optrA in Streptococcus suis.
Prevalence and genetic characteristics of porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus in central China during 2016-2017: NADC30-like PRRSVs are predominant.
Overexpression of NtabDOG1L promotes plant growth and enhances drought tolerance in Nicotiana tabacum.
Clinical assessment of growth performance, bone morphometry, bone quality, and serum indicators in broilers affected by valgus-varus deformity.
Quantification of leaf-scale light energy allocation and photoprotection processes in a Mediterranean pine forest under extensive seasonal drought.
Edible Gelatin Diagnosis Using Laser-Induced Breakdown Spectroscopy and Partial Least Square Assisted Support Vector Machine.
Linkage mapping and genome-wide association reveal candidate genes conferring thermotolerance of seed-set in maize.
Cooperation of hydrolysis modes among xylanases reveals the mechanism of hemicellulose hydrolysis by Penicillium chrysogenum P33.
Zearalenone Biodegradation by the Combination of Probiotics with Cell-Free Extracts of Aspergillus oryzae and its Mycotoxin-Alleviating Effect on Pig Production Performance.
Enhanced Senescence Process is the Major Factor Stopping Spike Differentiation of Wheat Mutant ptsd1.
Structure and Physicochemical Properties of Malate Starches from Corn, Potato, and Wrinkled Pea Starches.
Corrigendum: Nitric Oxide Affects Rice Root Growth by Regulating Auxin Transport Under Nitrate Supply.
The miRNA-mRNA Networks Involving Abnormal Energy and Hormone Metabolisms Restrict Tillering in a Wheat Mutant dmc.
Porcine deltacoronavirus causes diarrhea in various ages of field-infected pigs in China.
Nanovaccine Confers Dual Protection Against Influenza A Virus And Porcine Circovirus Type 2.
Comparison of soybean peroxidase with horseradish peroxidase and alkaline phosphatase used in immunoassays.
Biochar application significantly affects the N pool and microbial community structure in purple and paddy soils.
The Diversity of Cyanobacterial Toxins on Structural Characterization, Distribution and Identification: A Systematic Review.
Comparative adipose transcriptome analysis digs out genes related to fat deposition in two pig breeds.
miR-34a-5p Increases Hepatic Triglycerides and Total Cholesterol Levels by Regulating ACSL1 Protein Expression in Laying Hens.
Gene Expression Profiles and microRNA Regulation Networks in Tiller Primordia, Stem Tips, and Young Spikes of Wheat Guomai 301.
The Highly Conserved Barley Powdery Mildew Effector BEC1019 Confers Susceptibility to Biotrophic and Necrotrophic Pathogens in Wheat.
Regioselective Synthesis of Sulfonyl-Containing Benzyl Dithiocarbamates through Copper-Catalyzed Thiosulfonylation of Styrenes.
Molecular characterization of Cryptosporidium and Enterocytozoon bieneusi in Père David's deer (Elaphurus davidianus) from Shishou, China.
Effects of cultivation management on the winter wheat grain yield and water utilization efficiency.
Evolution, dynamic expression changes and regulatory characteristics of gene families involved in the glycerophosphate pathway of triglyceride synthesis in chicken (Gallus gallus).
Cucurbit Chlorotic Yellows Virus p22 Protein Interacts with Cucumber SKP1LB1 and Its F-Box-Like Motif Is Crucial for Silencing Suppressor Activity.
Effects of Saccharomyces cerevisiae on alleviating cytotoxicity of porcine jejunal epithelia cells induced by deoxynivalenol.
Transcriptome Analysis of the Effects of Fasting Caecotrophy on Hepatic Lipid Metabolism in New Zealand Rabbits.
LOWER TEMPERATURE 1 Enhances ABA Responses and Plant Drought Tolerance by Modulating the Stability and Localization of C2-Domain ABA-Related Proteins in Arabidopsis.
Unique glucose oxidation catalysis of Gluconobacter oxydans constitutes an efficient cellulosic gluconic acid fermentation free of inhibitory compounds disturbance.
Microwave pyrolysis valorization of used baby diaper.
Assessment of the effects of lethal and sublethal exposure to dinotefuran on the wheat aphid Rhopalosiphum padi (Linnaeus).
Dominance of zoonotic genotype D of Enterocytozoon bieneusi in bamboo rats (Rhizomys sinensis).
The first mitochondrial genome of the family Epicopeiidae and higher-level phylogeny of Macroheterocera (Lepidoptera: Ditrysia).
Multilocus Typing of Enterocytozoon bieneusi in Pig Reveals the High Prevalence, Zoonotic Potential, Host Adaptation and Geographical Segregation in China.
Manganese disulfide-silicon dioxide nano-material: Synthesis, characterization, photocatalytic, antioxidant and antimicrobial studies.
Cryptic speciation in the Chinese white pine (Pinus armandii): Implications for the high species diversity of conifers in the Hengduan Mountains, a global biodiversity hotspot.
A single nucleotide mutation in GID1c disrupts its interaction with DELLA1 and causes a GA-insensitive dwarf phenotype in peach.
NPR1 Promotes Its Own and Target Gene Expression in Plant Defense by Recruiting CDK8.
Physiological and iTRAQ-based proteomic analyses reveal that melatonin alleviates oxidative damage in maize leaves exposed to drought stress.
High temperature and drought stress cause abscisic acid and reactive oxygen species accumulation and suppress seed germination growth in rice.
Functional nano-catalyzed pyrolyzates from branch of Cinnamomum camphora.
CRISPR editing-mediated antiviral immunity: a versatile source of resistance to combat plant virus infections.
Fine mapping and candidate gene analysis of qhkw5-3, a major QTL for kernel weight in maize.
[Effects of freeze-thaw and soil moisture on content and spectral structure properties of dissolved organic matter in forest soil leachates.]
Transcriptomic and Metabolomics Analysis of Different Endosperm Region under Nitrogen Treatments.
Tn6674 Is a Novel Enterococcal optrA-Carrying Multiresistance Transposon of the Tn554 Family.
Genome-Wide Analysis of the Growth-Regulating Factor Family in Peanut (Arachis hypogaea L.).
Systematic Analysis of Differentially Expressed Maize ZmbZIP Genes between Drought and Rewatering Transcriptome Reveals bZIP Family Members Involved in Abiotic Stress Responses.
Changes in Bemisia tabaci feeding behaviors caused directly and indirectly by cucurbit chlorotic yellows virus.
MicroRNA-15a Regulates the Differentiation of Intramuscular Preadipocytes by Targeting ACAA1, ACOX1 and SCP2 in Chickens.
Promotion of the growth and plant biomass degrading enzymes production in solid-state cultures of Lentinula edodes expressing Vitreoscilla hemoglobin gene.
Effects of natural vegetative restoration on soil fungal and bacterial communities in bare patches of the southern Taihang Mountains.
Molecular Detection and Genotyping of Enterocytozoon bieneusi in Racehorses in China.
Genome-wide identification of circular RNAs in peanut (Arachis hypogaea L.).
Global Investigation of Cytochrome P450 Genes in the Chicken Genome.
Recent advances in catalytic asymmetric intermolecular oxidation of alkynes.
Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome Virus Activates Lipophagy To Facilitate Viral Replication through Downregulation of NDRG1 Expression.
Comparative Proteomic Analysis Provides Insights into the Regulatory Mechanisms of Wheat Primary Root Growth.
Pathogenesis of Hypervirulent Fowl Adenovirus Serotype 4: The Contributions of Viral and Host Factors.
Gas Chromatography-Mass Spectrometry Method for Simultaneous Detection of Nine Alkaloids in Tobacco and Tobacco Products by QuEChERS Sample Preparation.
Palladium-catalyzed decarbonylative annulation of phthalimides with arynes: direct construction of phenanthridinones.
A high dose of conjugated linoleic acid increases fatty liver and insulin resistance in lactating mice.
GmFAD3A, A ω-3 Fatty Acid Desaturase Gene, Enhances Cold Tolerance and Seed Germination Rate under Low Temperature in Rice.
Molecular characterization and an 80-bp indel polymorphism within the prolactin receptor (PRLR) gene and its associations with chicken growth and carcass traits.
Multilocus genotyping of Giardia duodenalis isolated from patients in Egypt.
A Universal Influenza Nanovaccine for "Mixing Vessel" Hosts Confers Potential Ability to Block Cross-Species Transmission.
Novel hapten design, antibody recognition mechanism study, and a highly sensitive immunoassay for diethylstilbestrol in shrimp.
Isolation and sequence analysis of the complete H gene of canine distemper virus from domestic dogs in Henan Province, China.
Orange peel valorization by pyrolysis under the carbon dioxide environment.
Landscape genetics reveals that adaptive genetic divergence in Pinus bungeana (Pinaceae) is driven by environmental variables relating to ecological habitats.
Effects of different starch sources on glucose and fat metabolism in broiler chickens.
BlaOXA-10 and PSE-1 Genes Located on Class 1 Integrons in Gallibacterium anatis.
Diversity of the Fusarium pathogens associated with crown rot in the Huanghuai wheat-growing region of China.
Analysis of two pheromone-responsive conjugative multiresistance plasmids carrying the novel mobile optrA locus from Enterococcus faecalis.
Selenium Modulates the Level of Auxin to Alleviate the Toxicity of Cadmium in Tobacco.
Weighted gene coexpression network analysis identifies specific transcriptional modules and hub genes related to intramuscular fat traits in chicken breast muscle.
Insights into the phylogeny of Hemiptera from increased mitogenomic taxon sampling.
Distribution and molecular characterization of Cryptosporidium spp., Giardia duodenalis, and Enterocytozoon bieneusi amongst grazing adult sheep in Xinjiang, China.
The basic helix-loop-helix transcription factor, OsPIL15, regulates grain size via directly targeting a purine permease gene OsPUP7 in rice.
Dek40 Encodes a PBAC4 Protein Required for 20S Proteasome Biogenesis and Seed Development.
Tobacco transcription repressors NtJAZ: Potential involvement in abiotic stress response and glandular trichome induction.
Updating and interaction of polycomb repressive complex 2 components in maize (Zea mays).
Exploration of the temporal-spatial expression pattern and DNA methylation-related regulation of the duck telomerase reverse transcriptase gene.
Lorf9 deletion significantly eliminated lymphoid organ atrophy induced by meq-deleted very virulent Marek's disease virus.
Three new species of the genus Neophyllomyza Melander (Diptera, Milichiidae) from China, with a revised key to the Chinese species.
MicroRNA Sequencing Reveals the Effect of Different Levels of Non-Fibrous Carbohydrate/Neutral Detergent Fiber on Rumen Development in Calves.
Review of Strategies to Promote Rumen Development in Calves.
Deletion of CD163 Exon 7 Confers Resistance to Highly Pathogenic Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Viruses on Pigs.
Enhancing Droplet Deposition on Wired and Curved Superhydrophobic Leaves.
Membrane phospholipids remodeling upon imbibition in Brassica napus L. seeds.
Surface-modified Pt1Ni1-Ni(OH)2 nanoparticles with abundant Pt-Ni(OH)2 interfaces enhance electrocatalytic properties.
Mapping quantitative trait loci using binned genotypes.
Brain Organization of Apolygus lucorum: A Hemipteran Species With Prominent Antennal Lobes.
Artificial selection on GmOLEO1 contributes to the increase in seed oil during soybean domestication.
Biochar application on paddy and purple soils in southern China: soil carbon and biotic activity.
Identification of a 119-bp Promoter of the Maize Sulfite Oxidase Gene (ZmSO) That Confers High-Level Gene Expression and ABA or Drought Inducibility in Transgenic Plants.
Cross-Dehydrogenative Coupling Reactions Between C(sp)-H and X-H (X = N, P, S, Si, Sn) Bonds: An Environmentally Benign Access to Heteroatom-Substituted Alkynes.
Identification of a novel 43-bp insertion in the heparan sulfate 6-O-sulfotransferase 3 (HS6ST3) gene and its associations with growth and carcass traits in chickens.
Genome Analysis of Cytochrome in Dinotefuran-Treated Apolygus lucorum (Meyer-Dür).
Effect of selenium nanoparticles against abnormal fatty acid metabolism induced by hexavalent chromium in chicken's liver.
Analysis of a poxtA- and optrA-co-carrying conjugative multiresistance plasmid from Enterococcus faecalis.
Heterologous Expression of Rhizopus Oryzae CYP509C12 Gene in Rhizopus Nigricans Enhances Reactive Oxygen Species Production and 11α-Hydroxylation Rate of 16α, 17-Epoxyprogesterone.
The Involvement of Jasmonic Acid, Ethylene, and Salicylic Acid in the Signaling Pathway of Clonostachys rosea-Induced Resistance to Gray Mold Disease in Tomato.
Isolation, genotyping and pathogenicity of a Toxoplasma gondii strain isolated from a Serval (Leptailurus serval) in China.
The ER Lumenal Hsp70 Protein FpLhs1 Is Important for Conidiation and Plant Infection in Fusarium pseudograminearum.
Prevalence and Population Genetics Analysis of Enterocytozoon bieneusi in Dairy Cattle in China.
Susceptibility of Chickens to Porcine Deltacoronavirus Infection.
Identification of cucurbit chlorotic yellows virus P4.9 as a possible movement protein.
Positron Emission Tomography/Magnetic Resonance Imaging of Glioblastoma Using a Functionalized Gadofullerene Nanoparticle.
A Superior Sodium/Lithium-Ion Storage Material: Sea Sponge C/Sn2Fe@GO.
Influences of Extraction Methods on Physicochemical and Functional Characteristics of Three New Bulbil Starches from Dioscorea opposita Thunb. cv. Tiegun.
A novel and simple imidazo[1,2-a]pyridin fluorescent probe for the sensitive and selective imaging of cysteine in living cells and zebrafish.
Detection and genetic characteristics of porcine circovirus 3 based on oral fluids from asymptomatic pigs in central China.
Perspectives on microRNAs and Phased Small Interfering RNAs in Maize (Zea mays L.): Functions and Big Impact on Agronomic Traits Enhancement.
In silico genome-wide identification and comprehensive characterization of the BES1 gene family in soybean.
gga-miRNA-18b-3p Inhibits Intramuscular Adipocytes Differentiation in Chicken by Targeting the ACOT13 Gene.
Progress in Mycotoxins Affecting Intestinal Mucosal Barrier Function.
Draft Genome Sequence of Salipaludibacillus keqinensis ACCC 60430T, an Aerobic Halophilic Bacterium Isolated from a Salt Lake.
Identification of lncRNAs and Genes Responsible for Fatness and Fatty Acid Composition Traits between the Tibetan and Yorkshire Pigs.
Transcriptomic changes in Nicotiana tabacum leaves during mosaic virus infection.
Two insertion/deletion variants in the promoter region of the QPCTL gene are significantly associated with body weight and carcass traits in chickens.
Population structure and genetic diversity of four Henan pig populations.
Salipaludibacillus keqinensis sp. nov., a moderately halophilic bacterium isolated from a saline-alkaline lake.
Gasification and catalytic reforming of corn straw in closed-loop reactor.
Expression profile analysis of microRNAs during hair follicle development in the sheep foetus.
Preparation, characterization and application of rod-like chitin nanocrystal by using p-toluenesulfonic acid/choline chloride deep eutectic solvent as a hydrolytic media.
Removal and tolerance mechanism of Pb by a filamentous fungus: A case study.
Association of colistin residues and manure treatment with the abundance of mcr-1 gene in swine feedlots.
Rapid and sensitive detection of Anaplasma phagocytophilum using a newly developed recombinase polymerase amplification assay.
Farming on the fringe: Shallow groundwater dynamics and irrigation scheduling for maize and wheat in Bangladesh's coastal delta.
Effects of intron retention on properties of β-glucosidase in Aspergillus niger.
Alkaline phosphatase 2 is a functional receptor of Cry1Ac but not Cry2Ab in Helicoverpa zea.
Antimicrobial resistance-encoding plasmid clusters with heterogeneous MDR regions driven by IS26 in a single Escherichia coli isolate.
Antibiotic resistance gene reservoir in live poultry markets.
Application of quantitative structure-activity relationship analysis on an antibody and alternariol-like compounds interaction study.
Characterization, expression, and functional analysis of polyamine oxidases and their role in selenium-induced hydrogen peroxide production in Brassica rapa.
Development of a TB green II-based duplex real-time fluorescence quantitative PCR assay for the simultaneous detection of porcine circovirus 2 and 3.
Phytoplasma-induced Changes in the Acetylome and Succinylome of Paulownia tomentosa Provide Evidence for Involvement of Acetylated Proteins in Witches' Broom Disease.
1-Aminocyclopropane-1-Carboxylate: A Novel and Strong Chemoattractant for the Plant Beneficial Rhizobacterium Pseudomonas putida UW4.
Latent Infection of Powdery Mildew on Volunteer Wheat in Sichuan Province, China.
A Transcription Factor, OsMADS57, Regulates Long-Distance Nitrate Transport and Root Elongation.
Silencing of α-amylase StAmy23 in potato tuber leads to delayed sprouting.
Dissection of two quantitative trait loci with pleiotropic effects on plant height and spike length linked in coupling phase on the short arm of chromosome 2D of common wheat (Triticum aestivum L.).
Identification of a novel linear B-cell epitope within the collagenase equivalent domain of porcine epidemic diarrhea virus spike glycoprotein.
[Molecular cloning and expression analysis of iridoid synthase genes from Rehmannia glutinosa].
The role of different SIRT1-mediated signaling pathways in toxic injury.
Identification of a promoter element mediating kisspeptin-induced increases in GnRH gene expression in sheep.
Distribution of Serotonin-Immunoreactive Neurons in the Brain and Gnathal Ganglion of Caterpillar Helicoverpa armigera.
[Colloidal gold immunochromatographic strip for rapid detection of Haemophilus influenzae].
Integrative Analysis of the Wheat PHT1 Gene Family Reveals A Novel Member Involved in Arbuscular Mycorrhizal Phosphate Transport and Immunity.
Physiological and transcriptomic analyses reveal the molecular networks of responses induced by exogenous trehalose in plant.
Influence of Oilseed Rape Seed Treatment with Imidacloprid on Survival, Feeding Behavior, and Detoxifying Enzymes of Mustard Aphid, Lipaphis erysimi.
Transcriptomic Analysis of Leaf Sheath Maturation in Maize.
Organ-specific genetic interactions between paralogues of the PXY and ER receptor kinases enforce radial patterning in Arabidopsis vascular tissue.
Fine Mapping of the Wheat Leaf Rust Resistance Gene Lr42.
Calcineurin B-Like Proteins CBL4 and CBL10 Mediate Two Independent Salt Tolerance Pathways in Arabidopsis.
Cadmium stress increases antioxidant enzyme activities and decreases endogenous hormone concentrations more in Cd-tolerant than Cd-sensitive wheat varieties.
Transcriptome Analysis of the Breast Muscle of Xichuan Black-Bone Chickens Under Tyrosine Supplementation Revealed the Mechanism of Tyrosine-Induced Melanin Deposition.
Integration of mRNA and miRNA Analysis Reveals the Molecular Mechanism Underlying Salt and Alkali Stress Tolerance in Tobacco.
Transcriptome and physiological analyses for revealing genes involved in wheat response to endoplasmic reticulum stress.
Polyamine Catabolism in Plants: A Universal Process With Diverse Functions.
Nonmuscle Myosin Heavy Chain IIA Recognizes Sialic Acids on Sialylated RNA Viruses To Suppress Proinflammatory Responses via the DAP12-Syk Pathway.
The Stimulatory Effects of Nanochitin Whisker on Carbon and Nitrogen Metabolism and on the Enhancement of Grain Yield and Crude Protein of Winter Wheat.
Chicken ZNF764L gene: mRNA expression profile, alternative splicing analysis and association analysis between first exon indel mutation and economic traits.
Novel 6a,12b-Dihydro-6H,7H-chromeno[3,4-c] chromen-6-ones: Synthesis, Structure and Antifungal Activity.
Evolutionary Conservation and Divergence of Genes Encoding 3-Hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl Coenzyme A Synthase in the Allotetraploid Cotton Species Gossypium hirsutum.
Expression and tissue distribution analysis of Angiotensin II in sheep (Ovis aries) skins associated with white and black coat colors.
A simple colorimetric probe based on anti-aggregation of AuNPs for rapid and sensitive detection of malathion in environmental samples.
Analysis of genetic variation of porcine circovirus type 2 within pig populations in central China.
Integrated gasification and catalytic reforming syngas production from corn straw with mitigated greenhouse gas emission potential.
Syngas production from biomass using Fe-based oxygen carrier: Optimization.
Microbial functional traits are sensitive indicators of mild disturbance by lamb grazing.
Biodegrading Two Pesticide Residues in Paddy Plants and the Environment by a Genetically Engineered Approach.
New QTL for resistance to Puccinia polysora Underw in maize.
Phosphorylation of AKT serine/threonine kinase and abundance of milk protein synthesis gene networks in mammary tissue in response to supply of methionine in periparturient Holstein cows.
The Potential Role of Synanthropic Rodents and Flies in the Transmission of Enterocytozoon bieneusi on a Dairy Cattle farm in China.
Evaluation of an immunochromatographic strip for detection of avian avulavirus 1 (Newcastle disease virus).
A Family of NAI2-Interacting Proteins in the Biogenesis of the ER Body and Related Structures.
Prevalence, phylogenetic and evolutionary analysis of porcine deltacoronavirus in Henan province, China.
Pyrolysis molecule of Torreya grandis bark for potential biomedicine.
Target gene identification and functional characterization of miR-1704 in chicken.
Does the Enigmatic Wightia Belong to Paulowniaceae (Lamiales)?
The Mechanisms of Social Immunity Against Fungal Infections in Eusocial Insects.
Investigation and genome-wide association study for Fusarium crown rot resistance in Chinese common wheat.
Effects of bensulfuron-methyl residue on photosynthesis and chlorophyll fluorescence in leaves of cucumber seedlings.
Identification of transcription factors of nitrate reductase gene promoters and NRE2 cis-element through yeast one-hybrid screening in Nicotiana tabacum.
Metagenomic insights into effects of wheat straw compost fertiliser application on microbial community composition and function in tobacco rhizosphere soil.
Microwave steam activation, an innovative pyrolysis approach to convert waste palm shell into highly microporous activated carbon.
Effects of sulfur application on cadmium bioaccumulation in tobacco and its possible mechanisms of rhizospheric microorganisms.
The miRNA-Mediated Post-Transcriptional Regulation of Maize in Response to High Temperature.
Integrative analysis of long noncoding RNA and mRNA reveals candidate lncRNAs responsible for meat quality at different physiological stages in Gushi chicken.
Identification and characterization of CircRNAs involved in the regulation of wheat root length.
Present Scenario of Circular RNAs (circRNAs) in Plants.
Genome-wide association study identifies variants in the CAPN9 gene associated with umbilical hernia in pigs.
A Recombinant 12-His Tagged Pyrococcus furiosus Soluble [NiFe]-Hydrogenase I Overexpressed in Thermococcus kodakarensis KOD1 Facilitates Hydrogen-Powered in vitro NADH Regeneration.
Chinese quince seed gum: Flow behaviour, thixotropy and viscoelasticity.
Isobaric tags for relative and absolute quantitation-based quantitative proteomics analysis provides novel insights into the mechanism of cross-incompatibility between tree peony and herbaceous peony.
Transcriptom analysis revealed regulation of dexamethasone induced microRNAs in chicken thymus.
Activation of liver X receptor promotes fatty acid synthesis in goat mammary epithelial cells via modulation of SREBP1 expression.
Genome-wide identification and characterization of Hsp70 gene family in Nicotiana tabacum.
Development of a SYBR green I-based duplex real-time fluorescence quantitative PCR assay for the simultaneous detection of porcine epidemic diarrhea virus and porcine circovirus 3.
miR1432-OsACOT (Acyl-CoA thioesterase) module determines grain yield via enhancing grain filling rate in rice.
A Duplex PCR Assay for Rapid Detection of Phytophthora nicotianae and Thielaviopsis basicola.
Overexpression of a maize SUMO conjugating enzyme gene (ZmSCE1e) increases Sumoylation levels and enhances salt and drought tolerance in transgenic tobacco.
Genetic analysis of cob resistance to F. verticillioides: another step towards the protection of maize from ear rot.
Molecular identification and epidemiological comparison of Cryptosporidium spp. among different pig breeds in Tibet and Henan, China.
Design, preparation and evaluation of a high performance sensor for formaldehyde based on a novel hybride nonocomposite ZnWO3/rGO.
Knock-down the expression of TaH2B-7D using virus-induced gene silencing reduces wheat drought tolerance.
Genome-wide analysis of three histone marks and gene expression in Paulownia fortunei with phytoplasma infection.
Rapid and visual detection of Lawsonia intracellularis with an improved recombinase polymerase amplification assay combined with a lateral flow dipstick.
Effect of elemental sulfur and gypsum application on the bioavailability and redistribution of cadmium during rice growth.
Estimating soil nitrate leaching of nitrogen fertilizer from global meta-analysis.
Genome-wide identification and expression analysis of HSP90 gene family in Nicotiana tabacum.
Analyses of MicroRNA and mRNA Expression Profiles Reveal the Crucial Interaction Networks and Pathways for Regulation of Chicken Breast Muscle Development.
The Differential Expression of Mitochondrial Function-Associated Proteins and Antioxidant Enzymes during Bovine Herpesvirus 1 Infection: A Potential Mechanism for Virus Infection-Induced Oxidative Mitochondrial Dysfunction.
Design, synthesis and biological evaluation of inhibitors of cathepsin K on dedifferentiated chondrocytes.
Identification and analysis of oxygen responsive microRNAs in the root of wild tomato (S. habrochaites).
Toxoplasma gondii in four captive kangaroos (Macropus spp.) in China: Isolation of a strain of a new genotype from an eastern grey kangaroo (Macropus giganteus).
Integrated miRNA and mRNA transcriptomes of spleen profiles between Yorkshire and Queshan black pigs.
Commentary: Leucine-rich Repeat Receptor-Like Gene Screen Reveals that Nicotiana RXEG1 Regulates Glycoside Hydrolase 12 MAMP Detection.
Complete Genome Sequences of Two Porcine Deltacoronavirus Strains from Henan Province, China.
Development and Application of InDel Markers for Capsicum spp. Based on Whole-Genome Re-Sequencing.
Granulovirus GP37 Facilitated ODVs Cross Insect Peritrophic Membranes and Fuse with Epithelia.
On growth performance, nutrient digestibility, blood T lymphocyte subsets, and cardiac antioxidant status of broilers.
Complete genome sequence of an alternavirus from the phytopathogenic fungus Fusarium incarnatum.
Identification and expression analysis of Pofst3 suggests a role during Pleurotus ostreatus primordia formation.
Ascaris suum infection was associated with a worm-independent reduction in microbial diversity and altered metabolic potential in the porcine gut microbiome.
Effect of storage temperature on bacterial diversity in chicken skin.
Flight and Walking Performance of Dark Black Chafer Beetle Holotrichia parallela (Coleoptera: Scarabaeidae) in the Presence of Known Hosts and Attractive Nonhost Plants.
Upgrade of wood sugar d-xylose to a value-added nutraceutical by in vitro metabolic engineering.
Field monitoring of Helicoverpa armigera (Lepidoptera: Noctuidae) Cry1Ac insecticidal protein resistance in China (2005-2017).
A wheat dominant dwarfing line with Rht12, which reduces stem cell length and affects gibberellic acid synthesis, is a 5AL terminal deletion line.
SbRFP1 regulates cold-induced sweetening of potato tubers by inactivation of StBAM1.
The maize bHLH transcription factor bHLH105 confers manganese tolerance in transgenic tobacco.
Structural roles of PCV2 capsid protein N-terminus in PCV2 particle assembly and identification of PCV2 type-specific neutralizing epitope.
Molecular cloning and functional characterization of porcine 2',5'-oligoadenylate synthetase 1b and its effect on infection with porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus.
Protist communities are more sensitive to nitrogen fertilization than other microorganisms in diverse agricultural soils.
Association Between the Methylation Statuses at CpG Sites in the Promoter Region of the SLCO1B3, RNA Expression and Color Change in Blue Eggshells in Lushi Chickens.
The interaction between miR160 and miR165/166 in the control of leaf development and drought tolerance in Arabidopsis.
Genome-wide association study revealed that the TaGW8 gene was associated with kernel size in Chinese bread wheat.
Evidence of red panda as an intermediate host of Toxoplasma gondii and Sarcocystis species.
Determining the Optimal N Input to Improve Grain Yield and Quality in Winter Wheat With Reduced Apparent N Loss in the North China Plain.
Prenylated Indole Diterpene Alkaloids from a Mine-Soil-Derived Tolypocladium sp.
The EIL transcription factor family in soybean: Genome-wide identification, expression profiling and genetic diversity analysis.
Homoethanol Production from Glycerol and Gluconate Using Recombinant Klebsiella oxytoca Strains.
Comparative Proteomic Analysis Provides New Insights Into Low Nitrogen-Promoted Primary Root Growth in Hexaploid Wheat.
Evaluation and simulation of the impact of land use change on ecosystem services based on a carbon flow model: A case study of the Manas River Basin of Xinjiang, China.
[Distribution characteristics of surface soil organic carbon and total nitrogen in forest plantation of hilly area of Taihang Mountains, Chin].
miRNA-223 targets the GPAM gene and regulates the differentiation of intramuscular adipocytes.
Are molecular tools clarifying or confusing our understanding of the public health threat from zoonotic enteric protozoa in wildlife?
Exosomes are the novel players involved in the beneficial effects of exercise on type 2 diabetes.
Microsatellite Markers Reveal Genetic Diversity and Relationships within a Melon Collection Mainly Comprising Asian Cultivated and Wild Germplasms.
LncRNA IMFNCR Promotes Intramuscular Adipocyte Differentiation by Sponging miR-128-3p and miR-27b-3p.
Insights into the genetic diversity of indigenous goats and their conservation priorities.
[Effect of Long-Term Biochar Application on Soil Respiration in Flue-Cured Tobacco Planting Fields in Henan Province].
Inhibitory Effects of Antimicrobial Peptide JH-3 on Salmonella enterica Serovar Typhimurium Strain CVCC541 Infection-Induced Inflammatory Cytokine Release and Apoptosis in RAW264.7 Cells.
Class-Specific Monoclonal Antibodies and Dihydropteroate Synthase in Bioassays Used for the Detection of Sulfonamides: Structural Insights into Recognition Diversity.
Bone Marrow Mesenchymal Stromal Cell-Derived Periostin Promotes B-ALL Progression by Modulating CCL2 in Leukemia Cells.
The Mitochondrial Genomes of Neuropteridan Insects and Implications for the Phylogeny of Neuroptera.
Low population genetic differentiation in two Tamarix species (Tamarix austromongolica and Tamarix chinensis) along the Yellow River.
The soybean Rhg1 amino acid transporter gene alters glutamate homeostasis and jasmonic acid-induced resistance to soybean cyst nematode.
Phospholipase D and phosphatidic acid in plant immunity.
CC chemokine ligand 19 might act as the main bursal T cell chemoattractant factor during IBDV infection.
A multiallelic indel in the promoter region of the Cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor 3 gene is significantly associated with body weight and carcass traits in chickens.
[Cloning and expression analysis of LncRNA-RgAGT2 responding to consecutive monoculture in Rehmannia glutinosa].
Genome-wide identification and expression analysis of new cytokinin metabolic genes in bread wheat (Triticum aestivum L.).
Novel Strategy to Decipher the Regulatory Mechanism of 1-Naphthaleneacetic Acid in Strawberry Maturation.
Alternative splicing of ZmCCA1 mediates drought response in tropical maize.
Mitochondrial genome sequence variation as a useful marker for assessing genetic heterogeneity among Cyclospora cayetanensis isolates and source-tracking.
Dissecting Heterosis During the Ear Inflorescence Development Stage in Maize via a Metabolomics-based Analysis.
IS26-Flanked Composite Transposon Tn6539 Carrying the tet(M) Gene in IncHI2-Type Conjugative Plasmids From Escherichia coli Isolated From Ducks in China.
MicroRNA expression profile of HCT-8 cells in the early phase of Cryptosporidium parvum infection.
Genome-Wide Identification and Characterization of the AREB/ABF/ABI5 Subfamily Members from Solanum tuberosum.
Ago HITS-CLIP expands microRNA-mRNA interactions in nucleus and cytoplasm of gastric cancer cells.
[Reconstruction of Water Hyperspectral Remote Sensing Reflectance Based on Sparse Representation and Its Application].
Dataset on evolution analysis of splenic transcriptome in bighead carp and silver carp.
Gene regulatory network and abundant genetic variation play critical roles in heading stage of polyploidy wheat.
Visualization of chikungunya virus infection in vitro and in vivo.
Direct evidence of an extra-intestinal cycle of Toxoplasma gondii in tigers (Panthera tigris) by isolation of viable strains.
Comparative analysis of spleen transcriptome detects differences in evolutionary adaptation of immune defense functions in bighead carp and silver carp.
Generation of Pigs Resistant to Highly Pathogenic-Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome Virus through Gene Editing of CD163.
MicroRNA-183 inhibits A375 human melanoma cell migration and invasion by targeting Ezrin and MMP-9.
Detection and genetic characterization of Giardia duodenalis in pigs from large-scale farms in Xinjiang, China.
Molecular epidemiology of Cryptosporidium spp. in dairy cattle in Guangdong Province, South China.
A comparison of the transcriptomes between diploid and autotetraploid Paulownia fortunei under salt stress.
Jasmonic acid-induced hydrogen sulfide activates MEK1/2 in regulating the redox state of ascorbate in Arabidopsis thaliana leaves.
Organelle DNA contents and starch accumulation in potato tubers.
Effect of Compound Probiotics and Mycotoxin Degradation Enzymes on Alleviating Cytotoxicity of Swine Jejunal Epithelial Cells Induced by Aflatoxin B₁ and Zearalenone.
Development of a reverse transcription recombinase polymerase amplification combined with lateral-flow dipstick assay for avian influenza H9N2 HA gene detection.
Detection of bitterness and astringency of green tea with different taste by electronic nose and tongue.
Porcine ISG15 modulates the antiviral response during pseudorabies virus replication.
Interactive effects of multiple vernalization (Vrn-1)- and photoperiod (Ppd-1)-related genes on the growth habit of bread wheat and their association with heading and flowering time.
Rhizosphere Microenvironments of Eight Common Deciduous Fruit Trees Were Shaped by Microbes in Northern China.
Effects of dietary supplementation with Lactobacillus acidophilus on the performance, intestinal physical barrier function, and the expression of NOD-like receptors in weaned piglets.
Modified TCA/acetone precipitation of plant proteins for proteomic analysis.
Towards a better understanding of the aggregation mechanisms of iron (hydr)oxide nanoparticles interacting with extracellular polymeric substances: Role of pH and electrolyte solution.
Transcriptome profile in bursa of Fabricius reveals potential mode for stress-influenced immune function in chicken stress model.
Identification of Two Novel Wheat Drought Tolerance-Related Proteins by Comparative Proteomic Analysis Combined with Virus-Induced Gene Silencing.
The in vivo dsRNA Cleavage Has Sequence Preference in Insects.
Genome-Wide Identification and Analysis of HAK/KUP/KT Potassium Transporters Gene Family in Wheat (Triticum aestivum L.).
Isolation and characterization of microsatellite loci from Pterocarya stenoptera (Juglandaceae).
Fiber2 and hexon genes are closely associated with the virulence of the emerging and highly pathogenic fowl adenovirus 4.
Root Growth, Water and Nitrogen Use Efficiencies in Winter Wheat Under Different Irrigation and Nitrogen Regimes in North China Plain.
Drivers and assemblies of soil eukaryotic microbes among different soil habitat types in a semi-arid mountain in China.
Analysis of genome-wide variants through bulked segregant RNA sequencing reveals a major gene for resistance to Plasmodiophora brassicae in Brassica oleracea.
Sarcocystis species in wild and domestic sheep (Ovis ammon and Ovis aries) from China.
Pandemonium Breaks Out: Disruption of Salicylic Acid-Mediated Defense by Plant Pathogens.
Complete sequence of a novel alphaendornavirus from the phytopathogenic fungus Arthrocladiella mougeotii.
Enantioselective toxic effects of cyproconazole enantiomers against Rana nigromaculata.
A canine model of experimental infection with Cryptosporidium canis.
Genetic characteristics and geographic segregation of Giardia duodenalis in dairy cattle from Guangdong Province, southern China.
Gender differences in the association of periodontitis and type 2 diabetes.
Identification of up-regulated transcripts during Pleurotus ostreatus primordium stage and characterization of PoALDH1.
Accumulation of water-soluble carbohydrates and gene expression in wheat stems correlates with drought resistance.
Genome-wide identification and expression analysis of brassinosteroid biosynthesis and metabolism genes regulating apple tree shoot and lateral root growth.
Molecular cloning of porcine 2',5'-oligoadenylate synthetase-like protein and its role in porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus infection.
Proteomics analysis reveals that nitric oxide regulates photosynthesis of maize seedlings under water deficiency.
High prevalence of Sarcocystis spp. infections in cattle (Bos taurus) from central China.
Characterization of wheat TaSnRK2.7 promoter in Arabidopsis.
S100 calcium-binding protein A12 as a diagnostic index for subclinical mastitis in cows.
Dissection of two quantitative trait loci with pleiotropic effects on plant height and spike length linked in coupling phase on the short arm of chromosome 2D of common wheat (Triticum aestivum L.).
Low molecular weight glutenin subunit gene composition at Glu-D3 loci of Aegilops tauschii and common wheat and a further view of wheat evolution.
Impairment of ovaries by 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorobenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD) exposure in utero associated with BMP15 and GDF9 in the female offspring rat.
Genetic characterization of parvoviruses in domestic cats in Henan province, China.
Emergence of African Swine Fever in China, 2018.
Phenotypic Characterization of Porcine IFNγ-Producing Lymphocytes in Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome Virus Vaccinated and Challenged Pigs.
Combined linkage and association mapping reveal QTL for host plant resistance to common rust (Puccinia sorghi) in tropical maize.
Adaptive genetic differentiation in Pterocarya stenoptera (Juglandaceae) driven by multiple environmental variables were revealed by landscape genomics.
Subcellular locations of potential cell wall proteins in plants: predictors, databases and cross-referencing.
Molecular Regulation of Catalpol and Acteoside Accumulation in Radial Striation and non-Radial Striation of Rehmannia glutinosa Tuberous Root.
Transcriptomic Responses to Different Cry1Ac Selection Stresses in Helicoverpa armigera.
MicroRNA 399 as a potential integrator of photo-response, phosphate homeostasis, and sucrose signaling under long day condition.
The Maize Sulfite Reductase Is Involved in Cold and Oxidative Stress Responses.
Emergence of a novel recombinant Seneca Valley virus in Central China, 2018.
Genome-wide identification and functional prediction of tobacco lncRNAs responsive to root-knot nematode stress.
Characterization of Streptococcus pluranimalium from a cattle with mastitis by whole genome sequencing and functional validation.
Synthesis of a Novel and Salt Sensitive Superabsorbent Hydrogel Using Soybean Dregs by UV-Irradiation.
A Resource for Inactivation of MicroRNAs Using Short Tandem Target Mimic Technology in Model and Crop Plants.
Identification and characterization of circRNAs involved in the regulation of low nitrogen-promoted root growth in hexaploid wheat.
Transcriptome Analysis of Gene Expression Patterns Potentially Associated with Premature Senescence in Nicotiana tabacum L.
Widespread occurrence of Cryptosporidium infections in patients with HIV/AIDS: Epidemiology, clinical feature, diagnosis, and therapy.
The complete genomic sequence of a novel megabirnavirus from Fusarium pseudograminearum, the causal agent of wheat crown rot.
AsA-GSH Cycle and Antioxidant Enzymes Play Important Roles in Cd Tolerance of Wheat.
CpxR overexpression increases the susceptibility of acrB and cpxR double-deleted Salmonella enterica serovar Typhimurium to colistin.
Occurrence, Molecular Characterization, and Assessment of Zoonotic Risk of Cryptosporidium spp., Giardia duodenalis, and Enterocytozoon bieneusi in Pigs in Henan, Central China.
Molecular Characterization of Cryptosporidium spp., Giardia duodenalis, and Enterocytozoon bieneusi in Rabbits in Xinjiang, China.
The Mitochondrial Genomes of Phytophagous Scarab Beetles and Systematic Implications.
Production of a monoclonal antibody against Porcine circovirus type 3 cap protein.
Decreases in global beer supply due to extreme drought and heat.
Genome-wide association study of heading and flowering dates and construction of its prediction equation in Chinese common wheat.
[Progress on germplasm enhancement and breeding of Rehmannia glutinosa].
Dissecting the Genetic Architecture of Melon Chilling Tolerance at the Seedling Stage by Association Mapping and Identification of the Elite Alleles.
Reduced phytotoxicity of propazine on wheat, maize and rapeseed by salicylic acid.
Quantitative analysis of the grain amyloplast proteome reveals differences in metabolism between two wheat cultivars at two stages of grain development.
Generic Hapten Synthesis, Broad-Specificity Monoclonal Antibodies Preparation, and Ultrasensitive ELISA for Five Antibacterial Synergists in Chicken and Milk.
Approach to Higher Wheat Yield in the Huang-Huai Plain: Improving Post-anthesis Productivity to Increase Harvest Index.
DNA-binding activity of STAT3 increased in hypothalamus of DIO mice; the reduction of STAT3 phosphorylation may facilitate leptin signaling.
Low prevalence of antibodies against Toxoplasma gondii in dairy cattle from China's central region.
Chemical Fractions and Availability of Zinc in Winter Wheat Soil in Response to Nitrogen and Zinc Combinations.
Dual functions of ZmNF-YA3 in photoperiod-dependent flowering and abiotic stress responses in maize.
Closing water productivity gaps to achieve food and water security for a global maize supply.
Analysis of the antimicrobial mechanism of porcine beta defensin 2 against E. coli by electron microscopy and differentially expressed genes.
Novel splice isoforms of pig myoneurin and their diverse mRNA expression patterns.
Enhanced production of succinic acid from methanol-organosolv pretreated Strophanthus preussii by recombinant Escherichia coli.
Physiology and transcriptome analyses reveal a protective effect of the radical scavenger melatonin in aging maize seeds.
Proteomic analysis of heat stress resistance of cucumber leaves when grafted onto Momordica rootstock.
Occurrence and molecular characterization of Cryptosporidium spp., Giardia duodenalis, and Enterocytozoon bieneusi from Tibetan sheep in Gansu, China.
Sandwich fusion of CBM9_2 to enhance xylanase thermostability and activity.
Characterization of the interaction between recombinant porcine aminopeptidase N and spike glycoprotein of porcine epidemic diarrhea virus.
Fatal Attraction: Ricinus communis Provides an Attractive but Risky Mating Site for Holotrichia parallela Beetles.
Reconstruction of mitogenomes by NGS and phylogenetic implications for leaf beetles.
On the Promising Role of Enzyme Activity Assay in Interpreting Comparative Proteomic Data in Plants.
Myostatin knockout induces apoptosis in human cervical cancer cells via elevated reactive oxygen species generation.
Molecular evolution of porcine epidemic diarrhea virus and porcine deltacoronavirus strains in Central China.
Detection and phylogenetic analysis of porcine circovirus type 3 in central China.
CypA Regulates AIP4-Mediated M1 Ubiquitination of Influenza A Virus.
Proteomic analysis of the impacts of powdery mildew on wheat grain.
Response of Gut Microbiota to Dietary Fiber and Metabolic Interaction With SCFAs in Piglets.
The Wheat MYB Transcription Factor TaMYB31 Is Involved in Drought Stress Responses in Arabidopsis.
Variations in morphological traits of bermudagrass and relationship with soil and climate along latitudinal gradients.
Leaf photosynthetic function duration during yield formation of large-spike wheat in rainfed cropping systems.
Research on maize canopy center recognition based on nonsignificant color difference segmentation.
Irrigation has more influence than fertilization on leaching water quality and the potential environmental risk in excessively fertilized vegetable soils.
Evolutionary insights from comparative transcriptome and transcriptome-wide coalescence analyses in Tetrastigma hemsleyanum.
Sequestration of a Transposon-Derived siRNA by a Target Mimic Imprinted Gene Induces Postzygotic Reproductive Isolation in Arabidopsis.
Identification of Quantitative Trait Loci and Candidate Genes for Maize Starch Granule Size through Association Mapping.
Transcriptome Sequencing and Metabolism Analysis Reveals the role of Cyanidin Metabolism in Dark-red Onion (Allium cepa L.) Bulbs.
Revisiting the infectivity and pathogenicity of Cryptosporidium avium provides new information on parasitic sites within the host.
Identification and characterization of G-quadruplex formation within the EP0 promoter of pseudorabies virus.
Nitric Oxide Enhancing Resistance to PEG-Induced Water Deficiency is Associated with the Primary Photosynthesis Reaction in Triticum aestivum L.
Assessment of the lethal and sublethal effects by spinetoram on cotton bollworm.
High-throughput sequencing revealed that microRNAs were involved in the development of superior and inferior grains in bread wheat.
Prevalence, Risk Factors, and Genotypes of Toxoplasma gondii in Food Animals and Humans (2000-2017) From China.
Macrofungal species distributions depend on habitat partitioning of topography, light, and vegetation in a temperate mountain forest.
African swine fever in China.
Metabolome and molecular basis for carbohydrate increase and nitrate reduction in burley tobacco seedlings by glycerol through upregulating carbon and nitrogen metabolism.
The effect of exogenous calcium on cucumber fruit quality, photosynthesis, chlorophyll fluorescence, and fast chlorophyll fluorescence during the fruiting period under hypoxic stress.
Label-free and enzyme-free sensitive fluorescent method for detection of viable Escherichia coli O157:H7.
Syngas production by chemical-looping gasification of wheat straw with Fe-based oxygen carrier.
Molecular Cloning and Identification of the 2'-5' Oligoadenylate Synthetase 2 Gene in Chinese Domestic Pigs Through Bioinformatics Analysis, and Determination of Its Antiviral Activity Against Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome Virus Infection.
Novel genotypes and multilocus genotypes of Enterocytozoon bieneusi in pigs in northwestern China: A public health concern.
Methionine supply alters mammary gland antioxidant gene networks via phosphorylation of nuclear factor erythroid 2-like 2 (NFE2L2) protein in dairy cows during the periparturient period.
Morphological and molecular characterization of Trophurus wuhuensis n. sp. (Nematoda: Telotylenchinae) from soil associated with Cinnamomum camphora in China.
Physiological and proteomic analysis of maize seedling response to water deficiency stress.
Occurrence of the Cereal Cyst Nematode Heterodera filipjevi on Winter Barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) in China.
Rht23 (5Dq') likely encodes a Q homeologue with pleiotropic effects on plant height and spike compactness.
Common occurrence of Theileria annulata and the first report of T. ovis in dairy cattle from Southern Xinjiang, China.
Detection and Phylogenetic Characterization of Anaplasma capra: An Emerging Pathogen in Sheep and Goats in China.
Amantadine Surface-Modified Silver Nanorods Improves Immunotherapy of HIV Vaccine Against HIV-Infected Cells.
OsPIN1b is Involved in Rice Seminal Root Elongation by Regulating Root Apical Meristem Activity in Response to Low Nitrogen and Phosphate.
Genome-Wide Association Studies of Photosynthetic Traits Related to Phosphorus Efficiency in Soybean.
Draft Genome Sequence of Bacillus sp. Strain YSP-3, a Halophilic, Alkaliphilic Bacterium Isolated from a Salt Lake.
Jasmonic Acids Facilitate the Degradation and Detoxification of Herbicide Isoproturon Residues in Wheat Crops ( Triticum aestivum).
ceRNA Cross-Talk in Paulownia Witches' Broom Disease.
Comparative Transcriptome Profiling Reveals Defense-Related Genes against Meloidogyne incognita Invasion in Tobacco.
Optical and physical mapping with local finishing enables megabase-scale resolution of agronomically important regions in the wheat genome.
Turn-off colorimetric sensor for sequence-specific recognition of single-stranded DNA based upon Y-shaped DNA structure.
Genetic Dissection of qPCG1 for a Quantitative Trait Locus for Percentage of Chalky Grain in Rice (Oryza sativa L.).
Occurrence of Outbreak of Leaf Spot Caused by Corynespora cassiicola in Strawberry in China.
Genomic diversity dynamics in conserved chicken populations are revealed by genome-wide SNPs.
Distinct Carbon and Nitrogen Metabolism of Two Contrasting Poplar Species in Response to Different N Supply Levels.
Repellence of Common Tobacco Flavorants on Lasioderma serricorne (Coleoptera: Anobiidae).
First Report of Powdery Mildew Caused by Erysiphe alphitoides on Exochorda racemosa in China.
Comparative transcriptomics provides insight into the molecular basis of species diversification of section Trigonopedia (Cypripedium) on the Qinghai-Tibetan Plateau.
Aptamer-functionalized AuNPs for the high-sensitivity colorimetric detection of melamine in milk samples.
Recombinant MYH9 protein C-terminal domain blocks porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus internalization by direct interaction with viral glycoprotein 5.
Bullous reaction to dimethyl N-cyanodithioiminocarbonate.
Characterization of miRNA transcriptome profiles related to breast muscle development and intramuscular fat deposition in chickens.
Expanding lysine industry: industrial biomanufacturing of lysine and its derivatives.
Comparison of two docking methods for peptide-protein interactions.
Analysis of the Gli-D2 locus identifies a genetic target for simultaneously improving the breadmaking and health-related traits of common wheat.
The expression of detoxification genes in two maize cultivars by interaction of isoxadifen-ethyl and nicosulfuron.
Effects of Isatis root polysaccharide in mice infected with H3N2 swine influenza virus.
Molecular Epidemiology of Porcine Circovirus Type 3 Infection in Swine Herds in China.
Transcriptome profiling analysis revealed co-regulation of multiple pathways in jujube during infection by 'Candidatus Phytoplasma ziziphi'.
Induction of Oxidative DNA Damage in Bovine Herpesvirus 1 Infected Bovine Kidney Cells (MDBK Cells) and Human Tumor Cells (A549 Cells and U2OS Cells).
Heterotic loci identified for maize kernel traits in two chromosome segment substitution line test populations.
Prevalence, resistance pattern, and molecular characterization of Staphylococcus aureus isolates from healthy animals and sick populations in Henan Province, China.
Effects of Size and Aggregation/Agglomeration of Nanoparticles on the Interfacial/Interphase Properties and Tensile Strength of Polymer Nanocomposites.
Identification of Proteins Using iTRAQ and Virus-Induced Gene Silencing Reveals Three Bread Wheat Proteins Involved in the Response to Combined Osmotic-Cold Stress.
Identification of candidate chemosensory genes in Mythimna separata by transcriptomic analysis.
Prevalence and genotypes of Enterocytozoon bieneusi in China.
Transcriptome analysis of differentially expressed genes in rabbits' ovaries by digital gene-expression profiling.
Massilia violaceinigra sp. nov., a novel purple-pigmented bacterium isolated from glacier permafrost.
Phosphorylation of nuclear factor erythroid 2-like 2 (NFE2L2) in mammary tissue of Holstein cows during the periparturient period is associated with mRNA abundance of antioxidant gene networks.
Overexpression of SREBF chaperone (SCAP) enhances nuclear SREBP1 translocation to upregulate fatty acid synthase (FASN) gene expression in bovine mammary epithelial cells.
Effects of Vip3AcAa+Cry1Ac Cotton on Midgut Tissue in Helicoverpa armigera (Lepidoptera: Noctuidae).
Expression of grape ACS1 in tomato decreases ethylene and alters the balance between auxin and ethylene during shoot and root formation.
Transcription factor WRKY22 promotes aluminum tolerance via activation of OsFRDL4 expression and enhancement of citrate secretion in rice (Oryza sativa).
The pomegranate (Punica granatum L.) genome provides insights into fruit quality and ovule developmental biology.
Mechanisms, origin and heredity of Glu-1Ay silencing in wheat evolution and domestication.
Susceptibility of porcine IPEC-J2 intestinal epithelial cells to infection with porcine deltacoronavirus (PDCoV) and serum cytokine responses of gnotobiotic pigs to acute infection with IPEC-J2 cell culture-passaged PDCoV.
Editorial: Protein Quality Controlling Systems in Plant Responses to Environmental Stresses.
Expression Profiles of mRNA and lncRNA in HCT-8 Cells Infected With Cryptosporidium parvum IId Subtype.
Corrigendum: Arabidopsis BRASSINOSTEROID INACTIVATOR2 is a typical BAHD acyltransferase involved in brassinosteroid homeostasis.
Detection of Dirofilaria immitis antigen and antibodies against Anaplasma phagocytophilum, Borrelia burgdorferi and Ehrlichia canis in dogs from ten provinces of China.
A biolistic method for high-throughput production of transgenic wheat plants with single gene insertions.
Tolerant industrial yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae posses a more robust cell wall integrity signaling pathway against 2-furaldehyde and 5-(hydroxymethyl)-2-furaldehyde.
Specific Binding Protein ABCC1 Is Associated With Cry2Ab Toxicity in Helicoverpa armigera.
Trigger factor assisted self-assembly of canine parvovirus VP2 protein into virus-like particles in Escherichia coli with high immunogenicity.
Physical Mapping of a Novel Locus Conferring Leaf Rust Resistance on the Long Arm of Agropyron cristatum Chromosome 2P.
The Making of Leaves: How Small RNA Networks Modulate Leaf Development.
Integrated microRNA and mRNA expression profiling reveals a complex network regulating pomegranate (Punica granatum L.) seed hardness.
LITTLELEAF (LL) encodes a WD40 repeat domain-containing protein associated with organ size variation in cucumber.
Protein Extraction Methods Shape Much of the Extracted Proteomes.
Conversion of d-glucose to l-lactate via pyruvate by an optimized cell-free enzymatic biosystem containing minimized reactions.
Inhibition of Amphiphilic N-Alkyl-O-carboxymethyl Chitosan Derivatives on Alternaria macrospora.
Physiological and Proteomics Analyses Reveal Low-Phosphorus Stress Affected the Regulation of Photosynthesis in Soybean.
A Non-Destructive and Direction-Insensitive Method Using a Strain Sensor and Two Single Axis Angle Sensors for Evaluating Corn Stalk Lodging Resistance.
Rapid communication: lipid metabolic gene expression and triacylglycerol accumulation in goat mammary epithelial cells are decreased by inhibition of SREBP-1.
Optical Characterization of Paper Aging Based on Laser-Induced Fluorescence (LIF) Spectroscopy.
The composition of accessory enzymes of Penicillium chrysogenum P33 revealed by secretome and synergistic effects with commercial cellulase on lignocellulose hydrolysis.
Knock-Down of CsNRT2.1, a Cucumber Nitrate Transporter, Reduces Nitrate Uptake, Root length, and Lateral Root Number at Low External Nitrate Concentration.
Overexpression of Tobacco GCN2 Stimulates Multiple Physiological Changes Associated With Stress Tolerance.
Genome of an allotetraploid wild peanut Arachis monticola: a de novo assembly.
Identification and Pathogenicity of Fungal Pathogens Causing Black Point in Wheat on the North China Plain.
Calcineurin is required for male sex pheromone biosynthesis and female acceptance.
Identification and prevalence of RND family multidrug efflux pump oqxAB genes in Enterococci isolates from swine manure in China.
Preparation and mechanism analysis of an environment-friendly maize seed coating agent.
Development of a one-step RT-PCR assay for detection of pancoronaviruses (α-, β-, γ-, and δ-coronaviruses) using newly designed degenerate primers for porcine and avian `fecal samples.
A nano silicon adjuvant enhances inactivated transmissible gastroenteritis vaccine through activation the Toll-like receptors and promotes humoral and cellular immune responses.
Effects of nitrogen combined with zinc application on glutamate, glutamine, aspartate and asparagine accumulation in two winter wheat cultivars.
Development of a Gateway-compatible pCAMBIA binary vector for RNAi-mediated gene knockdown in plants.
GABA regulates the proliferation and apoptosis of MAC-T cells through the LPS-induced TLR4 signaling pathway.
Antiviral effect of lithium chloride on porcine epidemic diarrhea virus in vitro.
Dynamic Expression Profile, Regulatory Mechanism and Correlation with Egg-laying Performance of ACSF Gene Family in Chicken (Gallus gallus).
Identification of the RNA Pseudoknot within the 3' End of the Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome Virus Genome as a Pathogen-Associated Molecular Pattern To Activate Antiviral Signaling via RIG-I and Toll-Like Receptor 3.
A simple and cost-effective method for screening of CRISPR/Cas9-induced homozygous/biallelic mutants.
The genus Phyllomyza Fallén from China, with descriptions of three new species (Diptera, Milichiidae).
Remotely Estimating Aerial N Uptake in Winter Wheat Using Red-Edge Area Index From Multi-Angular Hyperspectral Data.
Development of a GFP expression vector for Cucurbit chlorotic yellows virus.
Nitric Oxide Affects Rice Root Growth by Regulating Auxin Transport Under Nitrate Supply.
Immunogenicity evaluation of MS2 phage-mediated chimeric nanoparticle displaying an immunodominant B cell epitope of foot-and-mouth disease virus.
The dynamics of a Chinese porcine G9P[23] rotavirus production in MA-104 cells and intestines of 3-day-old piglets.
Function of the ERFL1a Transcription Factor in Wheat Responses to Water Deficiency.
Utilization of a lateral flow colloidal gold immunoassay strip based on surface-enhanced Raman spectroscopy for ultrasensitive detection of antibiotics in milk.
Large-Scale Investigation of Soybean Gene Functions by Overexpressing a Full-Length Soybean cDNA Library in Arabidopsis.
[Effect of Biochar Amendment on Physicochemical Properties and Fungal Community Structures of Cinnamon Soil].
Grain number responses to pre-anthesis dry matter and nitrogen in improving wheat yield in the Huang-Huai Plain.
Proteomic analysis reveals that auxin homeostasis influences the eighth internode length heterosis in maize (Zea mays).
Cis-Selective Decarboxylative Alkenylation of Aliphatic Carboxylic Acids with Vinyl Arenes Enabled by Photoredox/Palladium/Uphill Triple Catalysis.
Comparative Proteomic and Morphological Change Analyses of Staphylococcus aureus During Resuscitation From Prolonged Freezing.
Availability of lignocellulose from forestry waste for use as a biofuel in China.
A novel, easy and rapid method for constructing yeast two-hybrid vectors using In-Fusion technology.
The prevalence of mcr-1 and resistance characteristics of Escherichia coli isolates from diseased and healthy pigs.
Genetic Analysis of Fusarium Head Blight Resistance in CIMMYT Bread Wheat Line C615 Using Traditional and Conditional QTL Mapping.
Sequencing and characterization of lncRNAs in the breast muscle of Gushi and Arbor Acres chickens.
Maize Urb2 protein is required for kernel development and vegetative growth by affecting pre-ribosomal RNA processing.
Sequence analysis and structure prediction of ABHD16A and the roles of the ABHD family members in human disease.
Morphological and molecular characterisation of Isospora butcherae n. sp. in a silvereye (Zosterops lateralis) (Latham, 1801).
Genetic-based dissection of arsenic accumulation in maize using a genome-wide association analysis method.
The redox state of the apoplast influences the acclimation of photosynthesis and leaf metabolism to changing irradiance.
Ribotypes of Polymyxa graminis in Wheat Samples Infected with Soilborne Wheat Viruses in China.
To increase the incorporation efficiency of genetically encoding Nε-acetyllysine in recombinant protein.
Biological analysis on extractives of bayberry fresh flesh by GC-MS.
Heavy metal accumulation and health risk assessment in soil-wheat system under different nitrogen levels.
Mapping and validation of a new QTL for adult-plant resistance to powdery mildew in Chinese elite bread wheat line Zhou8425B.
Fine Mapping and Candidate Gene Identification for Wax Biosynthesis Locus, BoWax1 in Brassica oleracea L. var. capitata.
Quantitative Changes in the Transcription of Phytohormone-Related Genes: Some Transcription Factors Are Major Causes of the Wheat Mutant dmc Not Tillering.
Comparative proteomic analysis of the maize responses to early leaf senescence induced by preventing pollination.
Prevalence and molecular characterization of Cryptosporidium spp. and Giardia duodenalis in deer in Henan and Jilin, China.
Comparative transcriptome analysis of hypothalamus-regulated feed intake induced by exogenous visfatin in chicks.
Experimental study on the relationship between the mineral production capability and the physiochemical properties in the coproduction of Q phase-3CaO·3Al2O3·CaSO4 cement clinker.
A Multi-Parameter Analysis of Cellular Coordination of Major Transcriptome Regulation Mechanisms.
Arabidopsis BRASSINOSTEROID INACTIVATOR2 is a typical BAHD acyltransferase involved in brassinosteroid homeostasis.
Potential transferability of mcr-3 via IS26-mediated homologous recombination in Escherichia coli.
iTRAQ-based quantitative proteomic analysis reveals the lateral meristem developmental mechanism for branched spike development in tetraploid wheat (Triticum turgidum L.).
Host specificity of Enterocytozoon bieneusi genotypes in Bactrian camels (Camelus bactrianus) in China.
Genetic and immunogenicity analysis of porcine circovirus type 2 strains isolated in central China.
shinyCircos: an R/Shiny application for interactive creation of Circos plot.
Sequential dark and photo fermentation hydrogen production from hydrolyzed corn stover: A pilot test using 11 m3 reactor.
PKM2 knockdown influences SREBP activation and lipid synthesis in bovine mammary-gland epithelial MAC-T cells.
Genetic diversity of Haemaphysalis qinghaiensis (Acari: Ixodidae) in western China.
T-2 toxin-induced toxicity in neuroblastoma-2a cells involves the generation of reactive oxygen, mitochondrial dysfunction and inhibition of Nrf2/HO-1 pathway.
Comparative genomics of rmtB-carrying IncI1 ST136 plasmids in avian escherichia coli isolates from chickens in China.
1α-Hydroxycholecalciferol improves the growth performance and up-regulates the mRNA expression of vitamin D receptor in the small intestine and kidney of broiler chickens.
Age, phosphorus, and 25-hydroxycholecalciferol regulate mRNA expression of vitamin D receptor and sodium-phosphate cotransporter in the small intestine of broiler chickens.
A Duplex Real-Time PCR Assay for the Simultaneous Detection of Porcine Circovirus 2 and Circovirus 3.
Small RNA and Degradome Deep Sequencing Reveals the Roles of microRNAs in Seed Expansion in Peanut (Arachis hypogaea L.).
The Impact of Phosphorus Supply on Selenium Uptake During Hydroponics Experiment of Winter Wheat (Triticum aestivum) in China.
Pursuing sustainable productivity with millions of smallholder farmers.
Veterinary parasitology teaching in China in the 21st century - Challenges, opportunities and perspectives.
Avirulence and lysozyme secretion in Paneth cells after infection of BALB/c mice with oocysts of Toxoplasma gondii strains TgCatCHn2 (ToxoDB#17) and TgCatCHn4 (ToxoDB#9).
Overexpression of the Maize Sulfite Oxidase Increases Sulfate and GSH Levels and Enhances Drought Tolerance in Transgenic Tobacco.
Effects of xylo-oligosaccharide and flavomycin on the immune function of broiler chickens.
Silicon alleviates cadmium toxicity in wheat seedlings (Triticum aestivum L.) by reducing cadmium ion uptake and enhancing antioxidative capacity.
Negative Regulation of Interferon-β Production by Alternative Splicing of Tumor Necrosis Factor Receptor-Associated Factor 3 in Ducks.
Oestrogen regulates the expression of cathepsin E-A-like gene through ERΒ in liver of chicken (Gallus gallus).
Maintenance of cyclic GMP-AMP homeostasis by ENPP1 is involved in pseudorabies virus infection.
Identification and characterization of long noncoding RNA in Paulownia tomentosa treated with methyl methane sulfonate.
Metabolic Flux Engineering of Cembratrien-ol Production in Both the Glandular Trichome and Leaf Mesophyll in Nicotiana tabacum.
Divergence of affinities, serotypes and virulence factor between CTX-M Escherichia coli and non-CTX-M producers.
GLABROUS (CmGL) encodes a HD-ZIP IV transcription factor playing roles in multicellular trichome initiation in melon.
Molecular epidemiological survey of canine parvovirus in domestic dogs in four provinces, China.
Janus Gradient Meshes for Continuous Separation and Collection of Flowing Oils under Water.
[Expression characteristics of glutamine synthetase of wheat in Escherichia coli].
Regulation of Long Noncoding RNAs Responsive to Phytoplasma Infection in Paulownia tomentosa.
Proteomics reveals key proteins participating in growth difference between fall dormant and non-dormant alfalfa in terminal buds.
The Role of Phospholipase C Signaling in Macrophage-Mediated Inflammatory Response.
How do similarities in spatial distributions and interspecific associations affect the coexistence of Quercus species in the Baotianman National Nature Reserve, Henan, China.
Identification and caste-dependent expression patterns of DNA methylation associated genes in Bombus terrestris.
Application of antimicrobial drugs in perioperative surgical incision.
Prevalence and molecular characterization of oqxAB in clinical Escherichia coli isolates from companion animals and humans in Henan Province, China.
Establishment and application of an indirect ELISA for porcine circovirus 3.
Irrigation and Nitrogen Regimes Promote the Use of Soil Water and Nitrate Nitrogen from Deep Soil Layers by Regulating Root Growth in Wheat.
Acyl-CoA synthetase short-chain family member 2 (ACSS2) is regulated by SREBP-1 and plays a role in fatty acid synthesis in caprine mammary epithelial cells.
A novel duplex TaqMan probe-based real-time RT-qPCR for detecting and differentiating classical and variant porcine epidemic diarrhea viruses.
A rapid, simple and sensitive loop-mediated isothermal amplification method to detect Anaplasma bovis in sheep and goats samples.
Characterization of Putative Effectors from the Cereal Cyst Nematode Heterodera avenae.
Subcellular distribution of molybdenum, ultrastructural and antioxidative responses in soybean seedlings under excess molybdenum stress.
High-level expression of soluble recombinant proteins in Escherichia coli using an HE-maltotriose-binding protein fusion tag.
Genomic analysis of a recombinant NADC30-like porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus in china.
Insight into higher-level phylogeny of Neuropterida: Evidence from secondary structures of mitochondrial rRNA genes and mitogenomic data.
Constitutive Expression of miR408 Improves Biomass and Seed Yield in Arabidopsis.
Genome-Wide Identification and Comparative Analysis of the 3-Hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl Coenzyme A Reductase (HMGR) Gene Family in Gossypium.
Drivers of Macrofungi Community Structure Differ between Soil and Rotten-Wood Substrates in a Temperate Mountain Forest in China.
Dissection of Insertion-Deletion Variants within Differentially Expressed Genes Involved in Wood Formation in Populus.
NtWRKY-R1, a Novel Transcription Factor, Integrates IAA and JA Signal Pathway under Topping Damage Stress in Nicotiana tabacum.
Demographic expansion of two Tamarix species along the Yellow River caused by geological events and climate change in the Pleistocene.
A SERS-based multiple immuno-nanoprobe for ultrasensitive detection of neomycin and quinolone antibiotics via a lateral flow assay.
The prevalent status and genetic diversity of porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus in China: a molecular epidemiological perspective.
Experience-based mediation of feeding and oviposition behaviors in the cotton bollworm: Helicoverpa armigera (Lepidoptera: Noctuidae).
Alleviatory effect of spent Pleurotus eryngii Quel substrate on replant problem of Rehmannia glutinosa Libosch.
First confirmed report of outbreak of theileriosis/anaplasmosis in a cattle farm in Henan, China.
Long photoperiod affects the maize transition from vegetative to reproductive stages: a proteomic comparison between photoperiod-sensitive inbred line and its recurrent parent.
Effect of substrate concentration on hydrogen production by photo-fermentation in the pilot-scale baffled bioreactor.
Comparison of bio-hydrogen production yield capacity between asynchronous and simultaneous saccharification and fermentation processes from agricultural residue by mixed anaerobic cultures.
Kraft lignin biorefinery: A perspective.
Heterotrophic cultivation of microalgae for pigment production: A review.
Transcriptome Profile Analysis Reveals an Estrogen Induced LncRNA Associated with Lipid Metabolism and Carcass Traits in Chickens (Gallus Gallus).
Integrated Analysis of MiRNA and Genes Associated with Meat Quality Reveals that Gga-MiR-140-5p Affects Intramuscular Fat Deposition in Chickens.
Duck interferon regulatory factor 1 acts as a positive regulator in duck innate antiviral response.
Differential expression of vacuolar and defective cell wall invertase genes in roots and seeds of metalliferous and non-metalliferous populations of Rumex dentatus under copper stress.
Spatiotemporal dynamics of chlorophyll-a in a large reservoir as derived from Landsat 8 OLI data: understanding its driving and restrictive factors.
Population genetic characterization of Cyclospora cayetanensis from discrete geographical regions.
funRiceGenes dataset for comprehensive understanding and application of rice functional genes.
Synthesis, characterization and antifungal activity of coumarin-functionalized chitosan derivatives.
The SULTR gene family in maize (Zea mays L.): Gene cloning and expression analyses under sulfate starvation and abiotic stress.
Eu3+ -labeled IgG-based time-resolved fluoroimmunoassay for highly sensitive detection of aflatoxin B1 in feed.
Effect of the combined compound probiotics with mycotoxin-degradation enzyme on detoxifying aflatoxin B1 and zearalenone.
Emergence of carbapenem-resistant hypervirulent Klebsiella pneumoniae.
Microscopic cuticle structure comparison of pupal melanic and wild strain of Spodoptera exigua and their gene expression profiles in three time points.
Host miRNAs are involved in hormonal regulation of HaSNPV-triggered climbing behaviour in Helicoverpa armigera.
Evolution of the SPX gene family in plants and its role in the response mechanism to phosphorus stress.
High-throughput Transcriptome Sequencing Reveals the Role of Anthocyanin Metabolism in Begonia semperflorens Under High Light Stress.
Influence of high-carbon basal fertiliser on the structure and composition of a soil microbial community under tobacco cultivation.
Theoretical studies on thermal degradation reaction mechanism of model compound of bisphenol A polycarbonate.
Combination of iTRAQ proteomics and RNA-seq transcriptomics reveals multiple levels of regulation in phytoplasma-infected Ziziphus jujuba Mill.
The Interaction between Auxin and Nitric Oxide Regulates Root Growth in Response to Iron Deficiency in Rice.
Comparative Transcriptome Analysis of Genes Involved in Anthocyanin Biosynthesis in Red and Green Walnut (Juglans regia L.).
Proteomic analysis of chicken embryo fibroblast cells infected with recombinant H5N1 avian influenza viruses with and without NS1 eIF4GI binding domain.
Two classes of protective antibodies against Pseudorabies virus variant glycoprotein B: Implications for vaccine design.
Whole-genome resequencing reveals candidate mutations for pig prolificacy.
De novo assembly and comparative analysis of the transcriptome of embryogenic callus formation in bread wheat (Triticum aestivum L.).
Combined Inoculation with Multiple Arbuscular Mycorrhizal Fungi Improves Growth, Nutrient Uptake and Photosynthesis in Cucumber Seedlings.
Higher plasticity in feeding preference of a generalist than a specialist: experiments with two closely related Helicoverpa species.
Distribution of tachykinin-related peptides in the brain of the tobacco budworm Heliothis virescens.
Reduced representation bisulfite sequencing (RRBS) of dairy goat mammary glands reveals DNA methylation profiles of integrated genome-wide and critical milk-related genes.
Zoonotic and host-adapted genotypes of Cryptosporidium spp., Giardia duodenalis and Enterocytozoon bieneusi in dairy cattle in Hebei and Tianjin, China.
A Novel Antibiotic Mechanism of l-Cyclopropylalanine Blocking the Biosynthetic Pathway of Essential Amino Acid l-Leucine.
Ten Years of Landscape Genomics: Challenges and Opportunities.
Biochemical and transcriptomic analyses of drought stress responses of LY1306 tobacco strain.
Characterization of QTLs for Root Traits of Wheat Grown under Different Nitrogen and Phosphorus Supply Levels.
Species diversity and drivers of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungal communities in a semi-arid mountain in China.
Screening and identification of key genes regulating fall dormancy in alfalfa leaves.
Molecular basis of selective resistance of the bumblebee BiNav1 sodium channel to tau-fluvalinate.
Biochemical, Physiological and Transcriptomic Comparison between Burley and Flue-Cured Tobacco Seedlings in Relation to Carbohydrates and Nitrate Content.
Potential use and the energy conversion efficiency analysis of fermentation effluents from photo and dark fermentative bio-hydrogen production.
Lead induces apoptosis in mouse TM3 Leydig cells through the Fas/FasL death receptor pathway.
Identification and association of novel lncRNA pouMU1 gene mutations with chicken performance traits.
Diurnal and photoperiodic changes in thyrotrophin-stimulating hormone β expression and associated regulation of deiodinase enzymes (DIO2, DIO3) in the female juvenile chicken hypothalamus.
Mice with type 1 diabetes exhibit increased susceptibility to influenza A virus.
Calcineurin-mediated Dephosphorylation of Acetyl-coA Carboxylase is Required for Pheromone Biosynthesis Activating Neuropeptide (PBAN)-induced Sex Pheromone Biosynthesis in Helicoverpa armigera.
The Aegilops tauschii genome reveals multiple impacts of transposons.
Multilocus sequence typing and clonal population genetic structure of Cyclospora cayetanensis in humans.
Highly interwoven communities of a gene regulatory network unveil topologically important genes for maize seed development.
Genetic diversity and phylogenetic analysis of the ORF5 gene of PRRSV from central China.
Monitoring spatiotemporal variations in nutrients in a large drinking water reservoir and their relationships with hydrological and meteorological conditions based on Landsat 8 imagery.
Suppression of microRNA159 impacts multiple agronomic traits in rice (Oryza sativa L.).
Central Projections of Antennal and Labial Palp Sensory Neurons in the Migratory Armyworm Mythimna separata.
Estimation of stress distribution in ferromagnetic tensile specimens using low cost eddy current stress measurement system and BP neural network.
Generation of murine macrophage-derived cell lines expressing porcine CD163 that support porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus infection.
Salt stress-induced FERROCHELATASE 1 improves resistance to salt stress by limiting sodium accumulation in Arabidopsis thaliana.
OsPht1;8, a phosphate transporter, is involved in auxin and phosphate starvation response in rice.
A Tiny RNA Molecule with a Big Impact on Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Susceptibility.
Comparison of sodium hydroxide and calcium hydroxide pretreatments of giant reed for enhanced enzymatic digestibility and methane production.
The identification of transcriptional regulation related gene of laccase poxc through yeast one-hybrid screening from Pleurotus ostreatus.
Comparative Genome Analysis Reveals Adaptation to the Ectophytic Lifestyle of Sooty Blotch and Flyspeck Fungi.
Complete genome sequences and phylogenetic analysis of encephalomyocarditis virus strains isolated from pigs and rats origin.
Large-scale Proteomics Combined with Transgenic Experiments Demonstrates An Important Role of Jasmonic Acid in Potassium Deficiency Response in Wheat and Rice.
High-throughput mining of E-genome-specific SNPs for characterizing Thinopyrum elongatum introgressions in common wheat.
[Comparison of chemical quality characteristics between radial striations and non-radial striations in tuberous root of Rehmannia glutinosa].
Purification, Characterization, and Antioxidant Activity of Polysaccharides Isolated from Cortex Periplocae.
Synthesis of graphene/DPA composite for determination of nicotine in tobacco products.
Community structure of gut bacteria of Dendroctonus armandi (Coleoptera: Curculionidae: Scolytinae) larvae during overwintering stage.
Accumulation Profiles of Embryonic Salt-Soluble Proteins in Maize Hybrids and Parental Lines Indicate Matroclinous Inheritance: A Proteomic Analysis.
Effects of pituitary-specific overexpression of FSHα/β on reproductive traits in transgenic boars.
Characterization of the visfatin gene and its expression pattern and effect on 3T3-L1 adipocyte differentiation in chickens.
Microsatellites for Phytolacca acinosa (Phytolaccaceae), a traditional medicinal herb.
Genome-wide expression analysis of salt-stressed diploid and autotetraploid Paulownia tomentosa.
Comprehensive profiling of lysine ubiquitome reveals diverse functions of lysine ubiquitination in common wheat.
Hormone Signaling Regulates Nymphal Diapause in Laodelphax striatellus (Hemiptera: Delphacidae).
TaFlo2-A1, an ortholog of rice Flo2, is associated with thousand grain weight in bread wheat (Triticum aestivum L.).
Detoxification of Atrazine by Low Molecular Weight Thiols in Alfalfa (Medicago sativa).
Giardia duodenalis Infections in Humans and Other Animals in China.
Transgenic Nicotiana benthamiana plants expressing a hairpin RNAi construct of a nematode Rs-cps gene exhibit enhanced resistance to Radopholus similis.
Toxoplasma gondii and Neospora caninum in farm-reared ostriches (Struthio camelus) in China.
Effects of astragalus polysaccharide on the adhesion-related immune response of endothelial cells stimulated with CSFV in vitro.
Global transcriptome analysis of the maize (Zea mays L.) inbred line 08LF during leaf senescence initiated by pollination-prevention.
Genetic diversity of mtDNA D-loop sequences in four native Chinese chicken breeds.
Prevalence, molecular epidemiology, and zoonotic potential of Entamoeba spp. in nonhuman primates in China.
Porcine 2', 5'-oligoadenylate synthetase 2 inhibits porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus replication in vitro.
Transcriptome analysis of drought-responsive genes regulated by hydrogen sulfide in wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) leaves.
Distribution of optrA and cfr in florfenicol-resistant Staphylococcus sciuri of pig origin.
Localized surface plasmon resonance-based abscisic acid biosensor using aptamer-functionalized gold nanoparticles.
A novel bifunctional acetyl xylan esterase/arabinofuranosidase from Penicillium chrysogenum P33 enhances enzymatic hydrolysis of lignocellulose.
Genome-wide Association Analysis of Powdery Mildew Resistance in U.S. Winter Wheat.
Development of chloroplast genome resources for peanut (Arachis hypogaea L.) and other species of Arachis.
Dynamic Changes in the Splenic Transcriptome of Chickens during the Early Infection and Progress of Marek's Disease.
Multiplex Lateral Flow Immunoassays Based on Amorphous Carbon Nanoparticles for Detecting Three Fusarium Mycotoxins in Maize.
Deep-level phylogeny of Cicadomorpha inferred from mitochondrial genomes sequenced by NGS.
Photo-fermentative hydrogen production in a 4m3 baffled reactor: Effects of hydraulic retention time.
Next Generation Sequencing uncovers within-host differences in the genetic diversity of Cryptosporidium gp60 subtypes.
Anti-inflammatory activity of cecropin-A2 from Musca domestica.
Isolation of a potential biocontrol agent Paenibacillus polymyxa NSY50 from vinegar waste compost and its induction of host defense responses against Fusarium wilt of cucumber.
Transcriptome analysis of the pectoral muscles of local chickens and commercial broilers using Ribo-Zero ribonucleic acid sequencing.
The effective migration of Massilia sp. WF1 by Phanerochaete chrysosporium and its phenanthrene biodegradation in soil.
Expression of Thyroid Hormone Responsive SPOT 14 Gene Is Regulated by Estrogen in Chicken (Gallus gallus).
Characterization and anti-inflammation role of swine IFITM3 gene.
DNA barcoding-based sexual association of Sovia lucasii and S. lii (Lepidoptera: Hesperiidae), with description of a new subspecies.
[Effect of porcine epidemic diarrhea virus nsp1 on type Ⅰ interferon response].
iTRAQ-Based Proteomics Analysis and Network Integration for Kernel Tissue Development in Maize.
Landscape genomics reveal that ecological character determines adaptation: a case study in smoke tree (Cotinus coggygria Scop.).
A Review of the Antiviral Role of Green Tea Catechins.
Reversible switching of a supramolecular morphology driven by an amphiphilic bistable [2]rotaxane.
iTRAQ and virus-induced gene silencing revealed three proteins involved in cold response in bread wheat.
Hepatic ELOVL6 mRNA is regulated by the gga-miR-22-3p in egg-laying hen.
Effects of alpha-lipoic acid supplementation on growth performance, antioxidant capacity and biochemical parameters for ammonia-exposed broilers.
Isolation and genomic characterization of a canine parainfluenza virus type 5 strain in China.
Calves are susceptible to infection with the newly emerged porcine deltacoronavirus, but not with the swine enteric alphacoronavirus, porcine epidemic diarrhea virus.
Homoeologous recombination in the presence of Ph1 gene in wheat.
MicroRNA-101-2-5p targets the ApoB gene in the liver of chicken (Gallus Gallus).
Transcriptome analysis of Helicoverpa armigera male hairpencils: Alcohol biosynthesis and requirement for mating success.
An association of health behaviors with depression and metabolic risks: Data from 2007 to 2014 U.S. National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey.
Proteomic analysis of developing wheat grains infected by powdery mildew (Blumeria graminis f.sp. tritici).
Molecular epidemiology of porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus in Central China since 2014: The prevalence of NADC30-like PRRSVs.
Verification and fine mapping of qGW1.05, a major QTL for grain weight in maize (Zea mays L.).
Genome-wide association study for 13 agronomic traits reveals distribution of superior alleles in bread wheat from the Yellow and Huai Valley of China.
Harvesting more grain zinc of wheat for human health.
Porcine parvovirus infection activates inflammatory cytokine production through Toll-like receptor 9 and NF-κB signaling pathways in porcine kidney cells.
Marek's disease virus type 1 encoded analog of miR-155 promotes proliferation of chicken embryo fibroblast and DF-1 cells by targeting hnRNPAB.
Dissecting the proteome dynamics of the salt stress induced changes in the leaf of diploid and autotetraploid Paulownia fortunei.
Nanoparticle orientationally displayed antigen epitopes improve neutralizing antibody level in a model of porcine circovirus type 2.
The genetic architecture of water-soluble protein content and its genetic relationship to total protein content in soybean.
Differential proteomic analysis of replanted Rehmannia glutinosa roots by iTRAQ reveals molecular mechanisms for formation of replant disease.
Biochemical properties of GH94 cellodextrin phosphorylase THA_1941 from a thermophilic eubacterium Thermosipho africanus TCF52B with cellobiose phosphorylase activity.
Development of a new set of molecular markers for examining Glu-A1 variants in common wheat and ancestral species.
The C-Terminal Effector Domain of Non-Structural Protein 1 of Influenza A Virus Blocks IFN-β Production by Targeting TNF Receptor-Associated Factor 3.
Quantitative proteome-level analysis of paulownia witches' broom disease with methyl methane sulfonate assistance reveals diverse metabolic changes during the infection and recovery processes.
Photosynthetic hydrogen production by alginate immobilized bacterial consortium.
Genetic diversity, population structure and marker-trait associations for agronomic and grain traits in wild diploid wheat Triticum urartu.
Expressional divergence of insect GOX genes: From specialist to generalist glucose oxidase.
Comparative proteomic analysis of autotetraploid and diploid Paulownia tomentosa reveals proteins associated with superior photosynthetic characteristics and stress adaptability in autotetraploid Paulownia.
Relative biological value of 1α-hydroxycholecalciferol to 25-hydroxycholecalciferol in broiler chicken diets.
Emerging Avenues for Utilization of Exotic Germplasm.
RpoN (σ54) Is Required for Floc Formation but Not for Extracellular Polysaccharide Biosynthesis in a Floc-Forming Aquincola tertiaricarbonis Strain.
Estrogen Promotes Hepatic Synthesis of Long-Chain Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids by Regulating ELOVL5 at Post-Transcriptional Level in Laying Hens.
Development and Application of an RT-PCR to Differentiate the Prevalent NA-PRRSV Strains in China.
NADC30-Like Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome in China.
Emergence and Reemergence of Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome Virus (PRRSV).
A Simple and Rapid Turn On ESIPT Fluorescent Probe for Colorimetric and Ratiometric Detection of Biothiols in Living Cells.
Swine IRF3/IRF7 attenuates inflammatory responses through TLR4 signaling pathway.
New insight into the function of wheat glutenin proteins as investigated with two series of genetic mutants.
Effect of irrigation and nitrogen application on grain amino acid composition and protein quality in winter wheat.
Recombinant feline parvovirus infection of immunized tigers in central China.
High prevalence of Enterocytozoon bieneusi zoonotic genotype D in captive golden snub-nosed monkey (Rhinopithecus roxellanae) in zoos in China.
A new source of resistance to 2-furaldehyde from Scheffersomyces (Pichia) stipitis for sustainable lignocellulose-to-biofuel conversion.
Synergistic effects of nanochitin on inhibition of tobacco root rot disease.
Cholesterol 25-hydroxylase acts as a host restriction factor on pseudorabies virus replication.
Molecular characterization and expression of the GDF9 gene in New Zealand white rabbits.
MicroRNA analysis in mouse neuro-2a cells after pseudorabies virus infection.
Development and Characterization of Canine Distemper Virus Monoclonal Antibodies.
Carbonic Anhydrases Function in Anther Cell Differentiation Downstream of the Receptor-Like Kinase EMS1.
Transcriptome analysis reveals metabolic alteration due to consecutive monoculture and abiotic stress stimuli in Rehamannia glutinosa Libosch.
Cell-culture derived fowl adenovirus serotype 4 inactivated vaccine provides complete protection for virus infection on SPF chickens.
Diagnosis of Swine Toxoplasmosis by PCR and Genotyping of Toxoplasma gondii from pigs in Henan, Central China.
Comprehensive Characterization for Ginsenosides Biosynthesis in Ginseng Root by Integration Analysis of Chemical and Transcriptome.
Molecular characterization of hemotropic mycoplasmas (Mycoplasma ovis and 'Candidatus Mycoplasma haemovis') in sheep and goats in China.
Structural basis of nectin-1 recognition by pseudorabies virus glycoprotein D.
Proteomic analysis of tea plants (Camellia sinensis) with purple young shoots during leaf development.
Mechanisms of Cd and Cr removal and tolerance by macrofungus Pleurotus ostreatus HAU-2.
From mouse to pig: Is PRV vaccine safe across two species?
Network and role analysis of autophagy in Phytophthora sojae.
Global Reprogramming of Host Kinase Signaling in Response to Fungal Infection.
An R2R3-type MYB transcription factor, GmMYB29, regulates isoflavone biosynthesis in soybean.
Characterization of Copy Number Variation's Potential Role in Marek's Disease.
Colorimetric detection of melamine in milk by using gold nanoparticles-based LSPR via optical fibers.
Ground transport stress affects bacteria in the rumen of beef cattle: A real-time PCR analysis.
Phytotoxicity of CeO2 nanoparticles on radish plant (Raphanus sativus).
Development of duplex PCR for simultaneous detection of Theileria spp. and Anaplasma spp. in sheep and goats.
Characteristics of expression and regulation of sirtuins in chicken (Gallus gallus).
Genome sequencing of the sweetpotato whitefly Bemisia tabaci MED/Q.
Investigations of Takeout proteins' ligand binding and release mechanism using molecular dynamics simulation.
Novel fluoroimmunoassays for detecting ochratoxin A using CdTe quantum dots.
Putative roles as oncogene or tumour suppressor of the Mid-clustered microRNAs in Gallid alphaherpesvirus 2 (GaHV2) induced Marek's disease lymphomagenesis.
Effects of ZnO nanoparticle-coated packaging film on pork meat quality during cold storage.
The complete mitochondrial genome sequence from the longicorn beetle Obrium sp. (Coleoptera: Cerambycidae).
The early response during the interaction of fungal phytopathogen and host plant.
Thymol kills bacteria, reduces biofilm formation, and protects mice against a fatal infection of Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae strain L20.
In vitro adherence and invasion of primary chicken oviduct epithelial cells by Gallibacterium anatis.
Genome of Paulownia (Paulownia fortunei) illuminates the related transcripts, miRNA and proteins for salt resistance.
[Progress in metabolic engineering of β-carotene synthesis].
The role of glutamine synthetase isozymes in enhancing nitrogen use efficiency of N-efficient winter wheat.
Dissecting the genetic architecture of Fusarium verticillioides seed rot resistance in maize by combining QTL mapping and genome-wide association analysis.
The SnRK2 kinases modulate miRNA accumulation in Arabidopsis.
Genome-wide DNA methylation profiles reveal novel candidate genes associated with meat quality at different age stages in hens.
Imputation-Based Whole-Genome Sequence Association Study Rediscovered the Missing QTL for Lumbar Number in Sutai Pigs.
Genome-wide identification of membrane-bound fatty acid desaturase genes in Gossypium hirsutum and their expressions during abiotic stress.
Effects of Lactobacillus casei and Enterococcus faecalis on growth performance, immune function and gut microbiota of suckling piglets.
Expression and Immunogenicity of VP40 Protein of ZEBOV.
Effect of pre-miRNA-1658 gene polymorphism on chicken growth and carcass traits.
Photo-fermentative hydrogen production from crop residue: A mini review.
Distribution and Risk Assessment of Antibiotics in a Typical River in North China Plain.
Widespread of NADC30-like PRRSV in China: Another Pandora's box for Chinese pig industry as the outbreak of highly pathogenic PRRSV in 2006?
Comparative genomic analysis of the IId subtype family of Cryptosporidium parvum.
Novel lnu(G) gene conferring resistance to lincomycin by nucleotidylation, located on Tn6260 from Enterococcus faecalis E531.
A Loop-Mediated Isothermal Amplification Assay Targeting 16S rRNA Gene for Rapid Detection of Anaplasma phagocytophilum Infection in Sheep and Goats.
Homoeologous recombination-based transfer and molecular cytogenetic mapping of powdery mildew-resistant gene Pm57 from Aegilops searsii into wheat.
Vacuum and Co-cultivation Agroinfiltration of (Germinated) Seeds Results in Tobacco Rattle Virus (TRV) Mediated Whole-Plant Virus-Induced Gene Silencing (VIGS) in Wheat and Maize.
Effects of protease and non-starch polysaccharide enzyme on performance, digestive function, activity and gene expression of endogenous enzyme of broilers.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies loci governing mercury accumulation in maize.
Genome-wide analysis of complex wheat gliadins, the dominant carriers of celiac disease epitopes.
Consumption of Bt Maize Pollen Containing Cry1Ie Does Not Negatively Affect Propylea japonica (Thunberg) (Coleoptera: Coccinellidae).
KLF4 expression enhances the efficacy of chemotherapy drugs in ovarian cancer cells.
Proteome Profiling of Paulownia Seedlings Infected with Phytoplasma.
Implications of polyploidy events on the phenotype, microstructure, and proteome of Paulownia australis.
An Atypical Thioredoxin Imparts Early Resistance to Sugarcane Mosaic Virus in Maize.
Genome-wide Association Studies in Maize: Praise and Stargaze.
Fermented soybean meal improves the growth performance, nutrient digestibility, and microbial flora in piglets.
Effect of chicken leptin recptor short hairpin RNA on expression of JAK2, STAT3, SOCS3 and CPT1 genes in chicken preadipocytes.
Porcine parvovirus capsid protein expressed in Escherichia coli self-assembles into virus-like particles with high immunogenicity in mice and guinea pigs.
Differential responses of Helicoverpa armigera C-type immunlectin genes to the endoparasitoid Campoletis chlorideae.
Cloning and expression analysis of zygote arrest 1 (Zar1) in New Zealand white rabbits.
Functional Analysis of a Wheat AGPase Plastidial Small Subunit with a Truncated Transit Peptide.
Physiological characteristics and metabolomics of transgenic wheat containing the maize C4 phosphoenolpyruvate carboxylase (PEPC) gene under high temperature stress.
Controlling liquid splash on superhydrophobic surfaces by a vesicle surfactant.
Homoeologous recombination-based transfer and molecular cytogenetic mapping of a wheat streak mosaic virus and Triticum mosaic virus resistance gene Wsm3 from Thinopyrum intermedium to wheat.
Attenuation of an original US porcine epidemic diarrhea virus strain PC22A via serial cell culture passage.
A General Asymmetric Synthesis of (R)-Matsutakeol and Flavored Analogs.
De novo sequencing and comparative transcriptome analysis of adventitious root development induced by exogenous indole-3-butyric acid in cuttings of tetraploid black locust.
miR-2478 inhibits TGFβ1 expression by targeting the transcriptional activation region downstream of the TGFβ1 promoter in dairy goats.
Enhancing Omics Research of Crop Responses to Drought under Field Conditions.
Synthesis and swelling behaviors of carboxymethyl cellulose-based superabsorbent resin hybridized with graphene oxide.
Bacterial Community Structure after Long-term Organic and Inorganic Fertilization Reveals Important Associations between Soil Nutrients and Specific Taxa Involved in Nutrient Transformations.
Comparative host selection responses of specialist (Helicoverpa assulta) and generalist (Helicoverpa armigera) moths in complex plant environments.
Seroprevalence, Isolation, Genotyping, and Pathogenicity of Toxoplasma gondii Strains from Sheep in China.
An investigation of parasitic infections and review of molecular characterization of the intestinal protozoa in nonhuman primates in China from 2009 to 2015.
Transcriptome analysis of Cucumis sativus infected by Cucurbit chlorotic yellows virus.
Promoter analysis and tissue expression of the chicken ASB15 gene.
The effects of acute lipopolysaccharide challenge on dairy goat liver metabolism assessed with 1 HNMR metabonomics.
Activities of Digestive Enzymes in the Omnivorous Pest Apolygus lucorum (Hemiptera: Miridae).
Dominance of Enterocytozoon bieneusi genotype J in dairy calves in Xinjiang, Northwest China.
OsCUL3a Negatively Regulates Cell Death and Immunity by Degrading OsNPR1 in Rice.
Proteomic analysis of the compatible interaction of wheat and powdery mildew (Blumeria graminis f. sp. tritici).
UPLC-QTOF analysis reveals metabolomic changes in the flag leaf of wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) under low-nitrogen stress.
First molecular evidence of mixed infections of Anaplasma species in dogs in Henan, China.
[Advances on molecular mechanisms of Rehmannia glutinosa consecutive monoculture problem formation in multi-omics era].
Genetic structure of Tibetan populations in Gansu revealed by forensic STR loci.
Transcriptome analysis of resistant and susceptible tobacco (Nicotiana tabacum) in response to root-knot nematode Meloidogyne incognita infection.
Genetic Modification for Improving Seed Vigor Is Transitioning from Model Plants to Crop Plants.
The Crystal Structure of the Fifth Scavenger Receptor Cysteine-Rich Domain of Porcine CD163 Reveals an Important Residue Involved in Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome Virus Infection.
MicroRNA 373 Facilitates the Replication of Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome Virus by Its Negative Regulation of Type I Interferon Induction.
Prevalence and genetic characterization of Cryptosporidium species and Giardia duodenalis in lambs in Oromia Special Zone, Central Ethiopia.
A Semipersistent Plant Virus Differentially Manipulates Feeding Behaviors of Different Sexes and Biotypes of Its Whitefly Vector.
Proteome Response of Chicken Embryo Fibroblast Cells to Recombinant H5N1 Avian Influenza Viruses with Different Neuraminidase Stalk Lengths.
The Inheritance of the Pheromone Sensory System in Two Helicoverpa Species: Dominance of H. armigera and Possible Introgression from H. assulta.
Identification of Circular RNAs and Their Targets in Leaves of Triticum aestivum L. under Dehydration Stress.
Proteomic Analysis Reveals Proteins Involved in Seed Imbibition under Salt Stress in Rice.
Overexpression of Histone Deacetylase 6 Enhances Resistance to Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome Virus in Pigs.
Polymorphisms of Flanking Region of the ASB15 Gene and Their Associations with Performance Traits in Chicken.
Multiple roles of nitric oxide in root development and nitrogen uptake.
Variation in the Gut Microbiota of Termites (Tsaitermes ampliceps) Against Different Diets.
Effect of LA on the Growth and Development of the Main Organs in Female Mice.
Accumulation and Depletion of Cadmium in the Blood, Milk, Hair, Feces, and Urine of Cows During and After Treatment.
Genome-wide gene expression patterns in dikaryon of the basidiomycete fungus Pleurotus ostreatus.
Transcriptome profiling of developing spleen tissue and discovery of immune-related genes in grass carp (Ctenopharyngodon idella).
Heme oxygenase-1 metabolite biliverdin, not iron, inhibits porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus replication.
Association of estradiol on expression of melanocortin receptors and their accessory proteins in the liver of chicken (Gallus gallus).
Drought stress-induced changes of microRNAs in diploid and autotetraploid Paulownia tomentosa.
Comparative Proteomic Analysis of Paulownia fortunei Response to Phytoplasma Infection with Dimethyl Sulfate Treatment.
Discovery of MicroRNAs and Their Target Genes Related to Drought in Paulownia "Yuza 1" by High-Throughput Sequencing.
Lentiviral CRISPR/Cas9 vector mediated miR-21 gene editing inhibits the epithelial to mesenchymal transition in ovarian cancer cells.
Silencing of Stress-Regulated miRNAs in Plants by Short Tandem Target Mimic (STTM) Approach.
Generating Recombinant Pseudorabies Virus for Use as a Vaccine Platform.
The inhibition of protein translation mediated by AtGCN1 is essential for cold tolerance in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Integrating QTL mapping and transcriptomics identifies candidate genes underlying QTLs associated with soybean tolerance to low-phosphorus stress.
Effect of alpha-lipoic acid on relieving ammonia stress and hepatic proteomic analyses of broilers.
Development of an integrated linkage map of einkorn wheat and its application for QTL mapping and genome sequence anchoring.
[Response of photosynthetic characteristics and accumulation and distribution of assimilation products in tobacco to different light environments].
[Effects of tillage and nitrogen application rate on soil nitrogen transformation and yield in a winter wheat/summer maize multiple cropping system].
Molecular and phylogenetic analysis of Anaplasma spp. in sheep and goats from six provinces of China.
Proteomic Characterization of Differential Abundant Proteins Accumulated between Lower and Upper Epidermises of Fleshy Scales in Onion (Allium cepa L.) Bulbs.
Dataset on differential gene expression analysis for splenic transcriptome profiling and the transcripts related to six immune pathways in grass carp.
Cloning and Characterization of the IgA Fc Receptor from Swine.
Cinnamaldehyde Ameliorates Cadmium-Inhibited Root Elongation in Tobacco Seedlings via Decreasing Endogenous Hydrogen Sulfide Production.
Complete Genome Sequence of a Mosaic NADC30-Like Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome Virus in China.
Regulating Underwater Superoleophobicity to Superoleophilicity on Hierarchical Structured Copper Substrates through Assembling n-Alkanoic Acids.
Carbon Monoxide Inhibits Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome Virus Replication by the Cyclic GMP/Protein Kinase G and NF-κB Signaling Pathway.
Zoonotic Cryptosporidium Species in Animals Inhabiting Sydney Water Catchments.
Trans-generational desensitization and within-generational resensitization of a sucrose-best neuron in the polyphagous herbivore Helicoverpa armigera (Lepidoptera: Noctuidae).
MicroRNA-like viral small RNA from porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus negatively regulates viral replication by targeting the viral nonstructural protein 2.
Evolution of mitosome metabolism and invasion-related proteins in Cryptosporidium.
Quantitative Proteomic Analyses Identify ABA-Related Proteins and Signal Pathways in Maize Leaves under Drought Conditions.
Genome-Wide Association Study and QTL Mapping Reveal Genomic Loci Associated with Fusarium Ear Rot Resistance in Tropical Maize Germplasm.
Identification of heterotic loci associated with grain yield and its components using two CSSL test populations in maize.
Impairment of Sulfite Reductase Decreases Oxidative Stress Tolerance in Arabidopsis thaliana.
ITRAQ-Based Proteomic Analysis of the Metabolic Mechanisms Behind Lipid Accumulation and Degradation during Peanut Seed Development and Postgermination.
Porcine deltacoronavirus infection: Etiology, cell culture for virus isolation and propagation, molecular epidemiology and pathogenesis.
Experimental infection of gnotobiotic pigs with the cell-culture-adapted porcine deltacoronavirus strain OH-FD22.
Comparation of the effects of different 5'-untranslated regions (UTRs) on gene expression in HEK293 cells.
Trifolium pratense isoflavones improve pulmonary vascular remodelling in broiler chickens.
Genetic dissection of seed vigour traits in maize (Zea mays L.) under low-temperature conditions.
Cloning and characterization of TaMBD6 homeologues encoding methyl-CpG-binding domain proteins in wheat.
Hyperactive mutant of a wheat plasma membrane Na+/H+ antiporter improves the growth and salt tolerance of transgenic tobacco.
A set of Triticum aestivum-Aegilops speltoides Robertsonian translocation lines.
Detection and phylogenetic analysis of porcine epidemic diarrhea virus in central China based on the ORF3 gene and the S1 gene.
Genetic characterization of novel fowl aviadenovirus 4 isolates from outbreaks of hepatitis-hydropericardium syndrome in broiler chickens in China.
Seroprevalence of avian hepatitis E virus and avian leucosis virus subgroup J in chicken flocks with hepatitis syndrome, China.
Molecular epidemiology of hydropericardium syndrome outbreak-associated serotype 4 fowl adenovirus isolates in central China.
Effects of Carbopol® 934 proportion on nanoemulsion gel for topical and transdermal drug delivery: a skin permeation study.
The Mechanisms of Maize Resistance to Fusarium verticillioides by Comprehensive Analysis of RNA-seq Data.
Direct evidence for the semipersistent transmission of Cucurbit chlorotic yellows virus by a whitefly vector.
The Development of a Portable SPR Bioanalyzer for Sensitive Detection of Escherichia coli O157:H7.
Commercial vaccines provide limited protection to NADC30-like PRRSV infection.
Dual functions of the ZmCCT-associated quantitative trait locus in flowering and stress responses under long-day conditions.
NF-κB is involved in the LPS-mediated proliferation and apoptosis of MAC-T epithelial cells as part of the subacute ruminal acidosis response in cows.
Phylogenetic relationships of Hemiptera inferred from mitochondrial and nuclear genes.
A novel bioaccessibility prediction method for PAHs in soil: Composite extraction with hydroxypropyl-β-cyclodextrin and extracellular polymer substances.
The Difference of Physiological and Proteomic Changes in Maize Leaves Adaptation to Drought, Heat, and Combined Both Stresses.
Molecular phylogeny of Polyneoptera (Insecta) inferred from expanded mitogenomic data.
Individual Neurons Confined to Distinct Antennal-Lobe Tracts in the Heliothine Moth: Morphological Characteristics and Global Projection Patterns.
Diversity and resilience of the wood-feeding higher termite Mironasutitermes shangchengensis gut microbiota in response to temporal and diet variations.
Glomerular identification in the antennal lobe of the male moth Helicoverpa armigera.
Comparative Studies of Interactions between Fluorodihydroquinazolin Derivatives and Human Serum Albumin with Fluorescence Spectroscopy.
Thymol Mitigates Cadmium Stress by Regulating Glutathione Levels and Reactive Oxygen Species Homeostasis in Tobacco Seedlings.
Effects of Environment and Space on Species Turnover of Woody Plants across Multiple Forest Dynamic Plots in East Asia.
Prevalence and multilocus genotyping of Giardia duodenalis in dairy calves in Xinjiang, Northwestern China.
A global-wide search for sexual dimorphism of glomeruli in the antennal lobe of female and male Helicoverpa armigera.
Repression of MYBL2 by Both microRNA858a and HY5 Leads to the Activation of Anthocyanin Biosynthetic Pathway in Arabidopsis.
Identification and Functional Analysis of microRNAs Involved in the Anther Development in Cotton Genic Male Sterile Line Yu98-8A.
Genome-Wide Identification of miRNAs and Their Targets Involved in the Developing Internodes under Maize Ears by Responding to Hormone Signaling.
Effects of amino acids supplementation in low crude protein diets on growth performance, carcass traits and serum parameters in finishing gilts.
Drying and recovery of aerobic granules.
Microbial fuel cells as pollutant treatment units: Research updates.
C-Terminal carbohydrate-binding module 9_2 fused to the N-terminus of GH11 xylanase from Aspergillus niger.
Exploiting the potential of 2DE in proteomics analyses.
Prevalence and multilocus genotyping of Cryptosporidium andersoni in dairy cattle and He cattle in Xinjiang, China.
Optimization of the extraction of polysaccharides from tobacco waste and their biological activities.
Short-day signals are crucial for the induction of anthocyanin biosynthesis in Begonia semperflorens under low temperature condition.
Laminin-111 Inhibits Bovine Fertilization but Improves Embryonic Development in vitro, and Receptor Integrin-β1 is Involved in Sperm-Oocyte Binding.
Outbreak Investigation of NADC30-Like PRRSV in South-East China.
GUIDE-Seq to Detect Genome-wide Double-Stranded Breaks in Plants.
Genome characterization of two NADC30-like porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome viruses in China.
Virus-Induced Gene Silencing Identifies an Important Role of the TaRSR1 Transcription Factor in Starch Synthesis in Bread Wheat.
Alleviation of Drought Stress by Hydrogen Sulfide Is Partially Related to the Abscisic Acid Signaling Pathway in Wheat.
Comparative Gut Microbiomes of Four Species Representing the Higher and the Lower Termites.
Application of RNA-seq for mitogenome reconstruction, and reconsideration of long-branch artifacts in Hemiptera phylogeny.
A case study on the method-induced difference in the chemical properties and biodegradability of soil water extractable organic carbon of a granitic forest soil.
Erratum to "Prevalence and molecular characterization of Cryptosporidium spp. and Giardia duodenalis in dairy cattle in Beijing, China" [Vet. Parasitol. 219 (2015) 61-65].
Differential morphology and transcriptome profile between the incompletely fused carpels ovary and its wild-type in maize.
Proteomic Analysis of Pachytene Spermatocytes of Sterile Hybrid Male Mice.
Comparison of liquid hot water and alkaline pretreatments of giant reed for improved enzymatic digestibility and biogas energy production.
Investigating the expression of F10 and G11 xylanases in Aspergillus niger A09 with qPCR.
Multilocus genotyping of Giardia duodenalis isolates from calves in Oromia Special Zone, Central Ethiopia.
Common occurrence of Cryptosporidium hominis in horses and donkeys.
Enterocytozoon bieneusi Genotypes in Grazing Horses in China and their Zoonotic Transmission Potential.
A near-Infrared Fluorescent Chemodosimeter for Ratiometric Detecting Fluoride Based on Desilylation Reaction.
The influence of light quality on the accumulation of flavonoids in tobacco (Nicotiana tabacum L.) leaves.
The expression characteristics of mt-ND2 gene in chicken.
Identification of Winter-Responsive Proteins in Bread Wheat Using Proteomics Analysis and Virus-Induced Gene Silencing (VIGS).
Recombinase polymerase amplification (RPA) combined with lateral flow (LF) strip for equipment-free detection of Cryptosporidium spp. oocysts in dairy cattle feces.
Molecular and biochemical characterization of Eimeria tenella hexokinase.
Identification and Comparative Analysis of microRNA in Wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) Callus Derived from Mature and Immature Embryos during In vitro Culture.
Prevalence and Abundance of Florfenicol and Linezolid Resistance Genes in Soils Adjacent to Swine Feedlots.
MiR-22 promotes porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus replication by targeting the host factor HO-1.
Establishment and application of a competitive enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay differentiating PCV2 antibodies from mixture of PCV1/PCV2 antibodies in pig sera.
Systematic analysis of the regulatory functions of microRNAs in chicken hepatic lipid metabolism.
High-Throughput Sequencing Reveals Single Nucleotide Variants in Longer-Kernel Bread Wheat.
[Prediction of PAHs Bioavailability in Spiked Soil by Composite Extraction with Hydroxypropyl-β-cyclodextrin and Rhamnolipid].
[Adsorption Characteristics of Arsenite on Goethite by Flow Stirring Method].
Genome wide characterization of simple sequence repeats in watermelon genome and their application in comparative mapping and genetic diversity analysis.
A Simple and Effective Ratiometric Fluorescent Probe for the Selective Detection of Cysteine and Homocysteine in Aqueous Media.
Quantitatively Verifying the Results' Rationality for Farmland Quality Evaluation with Crop Yield, a Case Study in the Northwest Henan Province, China.
Pangenome Evidence for Higher Codon Usage Bias and Stronger Translational Selection in Core Genes of Escherichia coli.
Pathogenicity comparison between highly pathogenic and NADC30-like porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus.
Evaluation of Relative Bioavailability of 25-Hydroxycholecalciferol to Cholecalciferol for Broiler Chickens.
Identification of microRNAs and their targets in Paulownia fortunei plants free from phytoplasma pathogen after methyl methane sulfonate treatment.
Development of an immunochromatographic test strip for simultaneous qualitative and quantitative detection of ochratoxin A and zearalenone in cereal.
Development of a Monoclonal Antibody Against Porcine Circovirus2 Cap Protein.
The first report of Anaplasma phagocytophilum and a novel Theileria spp. co-infection in a South African giraffe.
Central Projection of Antennal Sensory Neurons in the Central Nervous System of the Mirid Bug Apolygus lucorum (Meyer-Dür).
Genome-wide association studies of drought-related metabolic changes in maize using an enlarged SNP panel.
[Cloning and expression analysis of a tyrosine decarboxylase gene from Rehmannia glutinosa].
Comparative proteomic analysis of the shoot apical meristem in maize between a ZmCCT-associated near-isogenic line and its recurrent parent.
Genome-Wide Association Study Identifies Candidate Genes for Starch Content Regulation in Maize Kernels.
A novel allele of L-galactono-1,4-lactone dehydrogenase is associated with enhanced drought tolerance through affecting stomatal aperture in common wheat.
Commentary: Rapid Phosphoproteomic Effects of Abscisic Acid (ABA) on Wild-Type and ABA Receptor-Deficient A. thaliana Mutants.
Complete Sequence of pEC012, a Multidrug-Resistant IncI1 ST71 Plasmid Carrying bla CTX-M-65, rmtB, fosA3, floR, and oqxAB in an Avian Escherichia coli ST117 Strain.
Human papillomavirus L1 protein expressed in Escherichia coli self-assembles into virus-like particles that are highly immunogenic.
[Transformation and Migration of Sulfur Speciation in the Rhizosphere and Bulk Soil of Paddy Soil].
Transcriptome and Degradome of microRNAs and Their Targets in Response to Drought Stress in the Plants of a Diploid and Its Autotetraploid Paulownia australis.
Determination of nicotine in tobacco products based on mussel-inspired reduced graphene oxide-supported gold nanoparticles.
Large-scale production of foot-and-mouth disease virus (serotype Asia1) VLP vaccine in Escherichia coli and protection potency evaluation in cattle.
Cytotoxic Responses and Apoptosis in Rat Kidney Epithelial Cells Exposed to Lead.
Infection rate of Giardia duodenalis, Cryptosporidium spp. and Enterocytozoon bieneusi in cashmere, dairy and meat goats in China.
Epigallocatechin gallate inhibits hepatitis B virus via farnesoid X receptor alpha.
DNA barcoding Satyrine butterflies (Lepidoptera: Nymphalidae) in China.
Study on heteroplasmic variation and the effect of chicken mitochondrial ND2.
First molecular evidence for the presence of Anaplasma DNA in milk from sheep and goats in China.
Strigolactones are required for nitric oxide to induce root elongation in response to nitrogen and phosphate deficiencies in rice.
A Genetic Relationship between Phosphorus Efficiency and Photosynthetic Traits in Soybean As Revealed by QTL Analysis Using a High-Density Genetic Map.
Quantitative Proteomic and Transcriptomic Study on Autotetraploid Paulownia and Its Diploid Parent Reveal Key Metabolic Processes Associated with Paulownia Autotetraploidization.
Molecular Characterization of Three GIBBERELLIN-INSENSITIVE DWARF2 Homologous Genes in Common Wheat.
All 37 Mitochondrial Genes of Aphid Aphis craccivora Obtained from Transcriptome Sequencing: Implications for the Evolution of Aphids.
Community diversity, structure and carbon footprint of nematode food web following reforestation on degraded Karst soil.
Combined Linkage and Association Mapping Reveals QTL and Candidate Genes for Plant and Ear Height in Maize.
Evaluation of Three Protein-Extraction Methods for Proteome Analysis of Maize Leaf Midrib, a Compound Tissue Rich in Sclerenchyma Cells.
The cathepsin S cysteine proteinase of the burrowing nematode Radopholus similis is essential for the reproduction and invasion.
Nonstructural protein 11 (nsp11) of porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus (PRRSV) promotes PRRSV infection in MARC-145 cells.
Haplotypes of the TaGS5-A1 Gene Are Associated with Thousand-Kernel Weight in Chinese Bread Wheat.
Wheat Grain Yield Increase in Response to Pre-Anthesis Foliar Application of 6-Benzylaminopurine Is Dependent on Floret Development.
Comparative Proteomic Analysis of the Response of Maize (Zea mays L.) Leaves to Long Photoperiod Condition.
Aerobic granular processes: Current research trends.
High level soluble expression and one-step purification of IBDV VP2 protein in Escherichia coli.
Sus scrofa matrix attachment region enhances expression of the PiggyBac system transfected into HEK293T cells.
The Arabidopsis LYST INTERACTING PROTEIN 5 Acts in Regulating Abscisic Acid Signaling and Drought Response.
Genotyping of Enterocytozoon bieneusi (Microsporidia) isolated from various birds in China.
Isolation and molecular and phylogenetic analyses of encephalomyocarditis virus from wild boar in central China.
Infectious clones of the crinivirus cucurbit chlorotic yellows virus are competent for plant systemic infection and vector transmission.
Locating a modifier gene of Ovum mutant through crosses between DDK and C57BL/6J inbred strains in mice.
Two new reversible naphthalimide-based fluorescent chemosensors for Hg(2.).
Correlation of proliferation, TGF-β3 promoter methylation, and Smad signaling in MEPM cells during the development of ATRA-induced cleft palate.
Combined linkage and association mapping identifies a major QTL (qRtsc8-1), conferring tar spot complex resistance in maize.
Increasing Confidence of Proteomics Data Regarding the Identification of Stress-Responsive Proteins in Crop Plants.
Multilocus genotyping of Giardia duodenalis isolates from children in Oromia Special Zone, central Ethiopia.
Characterization and Genetic Analysis of a Novel Light-Dependent Lesion Mimic Mutant, lm3, Showing Adult-Plant Resistance to Powdery Mildew in Common Wheat.
Complete Genome Sequence of a Classical Swine Fever Virus Isolate Belonging to New Subgenotype 2.1d from Henan Province, Central China.
Nitrous Oxide Emission and Denitrifier Abundance in Two Agricultural Soils Amended with Crop Residues and Urea in the North China Plain.
Complete Genome Sequence of an NADC30-Like Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome Virus Characterized by Recombination with Other Strains.
Prevalence and Genetic Characterization of Cryptosporidium Species in Dairy Calves in Central Ethiopia.
Improvement of tolerance to lead by filamentous fungus Pleurotus ostreatus HAU-2 and its oxidative responses.
Effect of hydrocolloids on the energy consumption and quality of frozen noodles.
Characterization of an rmtB-carrying IncI1 ST136 plasmid in avian Escherichia coli isolates from chickens.
Comparative genomics reveals Cyclospora cayetanensis possesses coccidia-like metabolism and invasion components but unique surface antigens.
Identification of Topping Responsive Proteins in Tobacco Roots.
Regulation of the Two-Component Regulator CpxR on Aminoglycosides and β-lactams Resistance in Salmonella enterica serovar Typhimurium.
Isolation and characterization of microsatellite markers for Eucommia ulmoides (Eucommiaceae), an endangered tree, using next-generation sequencing.
MYH9 is an Essential Factor for Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome Virus Infection.
Accumulation of Phenolic Compounds and Expression Profiles of Phenolic Acid Biosynthesis-Related Genes in Developing Grains of White, Purple, and Red Wheat.
Complete Genome Sequence of an NADC30-Like Strain of Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome Virus in China.
Use of Nitrogen Isotope To Determine Fertilizer- and Soil-Derived Ammonia Volatilization in a Rice/Wheat Rotation System.
The Genetic Basis of Natural Variation in Kernel Size and Related Traits Using a Four-Way Cross Population in Maize.
Production of Escherichia coli-based virus-like particle vaccine against porcine circovirus type 2 challenge in piglets: Structure characterization and protective efficacy validation.
A Low Cost Compact Measurement System Constructed Using a Smart Electrochemical Sensor for the Real-Time Discrimination of Fruit Ripening.
Morphological and molecular characterization of Isospora manorinae n. sp. in a yellow-throated miner (Manorina flavigula wayensis) (Gould, 1840).
Prevalence and genotyping of Giardia duodenalis isolated from sheep in Henan Province, central China.
Infection rate and genetic diversity of Giardia duodenalis in pet and stray dogs in Henan Province, China.
Characterization of Resistance to the Cereal Cyst Nematode in the Soft White Winter Wheat 'Madsen'.
Ligation of porcine Fc gamma receptor III inhibits levels of antiviral cytokine in response to PRRSV infection in vitro.
Coexpression network analysis of the genes regulated by two types of resistance responses to powdery mildew in wheat.
Differential Activation of the Wheat SnRK2 Family by Abiotic Stresses.
Changes in Transcript Related to Osmosis and Intracellular Ion Homeostasis in Paulownia tomentosa under Salt Stress.
High-Density Genetic Mapping Identifies New Major Loci for Tolerance to Low-Phosphorus Stress in Soybean.
Prevalence and molecular characterization of Cryptosporidium spp. and Giardia duodenalis in dairy cattle in Beijing, China.
A Novel Blocking ELISA for Detection of Antibodies against Hepatitis E Virus in Domestic Pigs.
microRNA-dependent gene regulatory networks in maize leaf senescence.
Complete Genome Sequence of a Variant Pseudorabies Virus Strain Isolated in Central China.
Transcriptome Analysis for Abnormal Spike Development of the Wheat Mutant dms.
Occurrence, molecular characterization and predominant genotypes of Enterocytozoon bieneusi in dairy cattle in Henan and Ningxia, China.
A genome-wide expression profile analysis reveals active genes and pathways coping with phosphate starvation in soybean.
Multilocus genotyping of Giardia duodenalis and Enterocytozoon bieneusi in dairy and native beef (Qinchuan) calves in Shaanxi province, northwestern China.
Single-step affinity and cost-effective purification of recombinant proteins using the Sepharose-binding lectin-tag from the mushroom Laetiporus sulphureus as fusion partner.
Advances in crop proteomics: PTMs of proteins under abiotic stress.
[Effects of reduced nitrogen application and supplemental irrigation on photosynthetic characteristics and grain yield in high-yield populations of winter wheat.]
Comparative Analysis and Identification of miRNAs and Their Target Genes Responsive to Salt Stress in Diploid and Tetraploid Paulownia fortunei Seedlings.
Complete Genome Sequence of a Chinese Highly Pathogenic Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome Virus That Has a Further Deletion in the Nsp2 Gene.
Genetic analysis of arsenic accumulation in maize using QTL mapping.
Reprogramming of Seed Metabolism Facilitates Pre-harvest Sprouting Resistance of Wheat.
Soil Nitrogen Status Modifies Rice Root Response to Nematode-Bacteria Interactions in the Rhizosphere.
Identification and SNP association analysis of a novel gene in chicken.
Genetic dissection of the maize kernel development process via conditional QTL mapping for three developing kernel-related traits in an immortalized F2 population.
Discovery of microRNAs and transcript targets related to witches' broom disease in Paulownia fortunei by high-throughput sequencing and degradome approach.
Development of a Neutralizing Monoclonal Antibody Against Porcine Epidemic Diarrhea Virus S1 Protein.
Permissive growth of human adenovirus type 4 vaccine strain-based vector in porcine cell lines.
Essential RNA-Based Technologies and Their Applications in Plant Functional Genomics.
Genome sequencing and analysis of a novel recombinant porcine epidemic diarrhea virus strain from Henan, China.
iTRAQ protein profile analysis provides integrated insight into mechanisms of tolerance to TMV in tobacco (Nicotiana tabacum).
Sublethal Toxicity Endpoints of Heavy Metals to the Nematode Caenorhabditis elegans.
A cotton miRNA is involved in regulation of plant response to salt stress.
Expression Profiles and Biological Roles of miR-196a in Swine.
Molecular survey of Enterocytozoon bieneusi in sheep and goats in China.
Transcriptome analysis of the Chinese bread wheat cultivar Yunong 201 and its ethyl methanesulfonate mutant line.
Toxoplasma gondii and Neospora caninum in Free-Range Chickens in Henan Province of China.
Discovery and functional characterization of leptin and its receptors in Japanese quail (Coturnix japonica).
Downregulation of Ethylene Production Increases Mycelial Growth and Primordia Formation in the Button Culinary-Medicinal Mushroom, Agaricus bisporus (Agaricomycetes).
Detection of Penicillinase in Milk by Sandwich ELISA Based Polyclonal and Monoclonal Antibody.
Knockdown of Polyphenol Oxidase Gene Expression in Potato (Solanum tuberosum L.) with Artificial MicroRNAs.
Design, Construction, and Validation of Artificial MicroRNA Vectors Using Agrobacterium-Mediated Transient Expression System.
The complete mitochondrial genome of Archangel pigeon.
The complete mitochondrial genome of a purebred Tibetan Mastiff (Canis lupus familiaris breed Tibetan Mastiff) from Lijiang, China, and comparison of genome-wide sequence variations.
A maize ADP-ribosylation factor ZmArf2 increases organ and seed size by promoting cell expansion in Arabidopsis.
Determination of free amino acids in burley tobacco by high performance liquid chromatography.
Preparation of polyclonal antibody against porcine beta defensin 2 and identification of its distribution in tissues of pig.
Immobilization of Thermomyces lanuginosus Xylanase on Aluminum Hydroxide Particles Through Adsorption: Characterization of Immobilized Enzyme.
A Single-Nucleotide Polymorphism of TaGS5 Gene Revealed its Association with Kernel Weight in Chinese Bread Wheat.
Complete Genome Sequence of the Porcine Epidemic Diarrhea Virus Variant CH/HNYF/2014.
Isolation and characterization of microsatellite markers for Osmanthus fragrans (Oleaceae) using 454 sequencing technology.
Public health significance of zoonotic Cryptosporidium species in wildlife: Critical insights into better drinking water management.
Quantitative analysis of changes in the phosphoproteome of maize induced by the plant hormone salicylic acid.
Cellulosimicrobium cellulans strain E4-5 enzymatic hydrolysis of curdlan for production of (1 → 3)-linked β-D-glucan oligosaccharides.
Single-molecule real-time transcript sequencing facilitates common wheat genome annotation and grain transcriptome research.
Proteomic Analysis of Silk Viability in Maize Inbred Lines and Their Corresponding Hybrids.
The Endoribonuclease Activity Essential for the Nonstructural Protein 11 of Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome Virus to Inhibit NLRP3 Inflammasome-Mediated IL-1β Induction.
Quantitative trait locus mapping with background control in genetic populations of clonal F1 and double cross.
Association mapping of soybean seed germination under salt stress.
Unravelling Colletotrichum species associated with Camellia: employing ApMat and GS loci to resolve species in the C. gloeosporioides complex.
Characterization and Functional Analysis of Pyrabactin Resistance-Like Abscisic Acid Receptor Family in Rice.
Cloning and prokaryotic expression of the porcine lipasin gene.
Characterization of cellulose I/II hybrid fibers isolated from energycane bagasse during the delignification process: Morphology, crystallinity and percentage estimation.
Data in support of the discovery of alternative splicing variants of quail LEPR and the evolutionary conservation of qLEPRl by nucleotide and amino acid sequences alignment.
Dynamic Proteomic Characteristics and Network Integration Revealing Key Proteins for Two Kernel Tissue Developments in Popcorn.
Antiviral Activity of Porcine Interferon Regulatory Factor 1 against Swine Viruses in Cell Culture.
Genotyping of Enterocytozoon bieneusi in Farmed Blue Foxes (Alopex lagopus) and Raccoon Dogs (Nyctereutes procyonoides) in China.
Transcriptome, microRNA, and degradome analyses of the gene expression of Paulownia with phytoplamsa.
Proteomics: a promising tool for research on sex-related differences in dioecious plants.
Genome-Wide Association Implicates Candidate Genes Conferring Resistance to Maize Rough Dwarf Disease in Maize.
Effect of flaxseed on the fatty acid profile of egg yolk and antioxidant status of their neonatal offspring in Huoyan geese.
Functional analysis of a bacitracin resistance determinant located on ICECp1, a novel Tn916-like element from a conjugative plasmid in Clostridium perfringens.
Inactivation and identification of three genes encoding glycosyltransferase required for biosynthesis of nogalamycin.
Molecular Characterization of Cryptosporidium spp., Giardia duodenalis, and Enterocytozoon bieneusi in Captive Wildlife at Zhengzhou Zoo, China.
Prevalence of Zoonotic Giardia duodenalis Assemblage B and First Identification of Assemblage E in Rabbit Fecal Samples Isolates from Central China.
Development of an immunochromatographic strip for antibody detection of pseudorabies virus in swine.
Engineering a Platform for Photosynthetic Pigment, Hormone and Cembrane-Related Diterpenoid Production in Nicotiana tabacum.
The Nitrate-Inducible NAC Transcription Factor TaNAC2-5A Controls Nitrate Response and Increases Wheat Yield.
Adult-plant resistance to Septoria tritici blotch in hexaploid spring wheat.
Linking lignocellulosic dietary patterns with gut microbial Enterotypes of Tsaitermes ampliceps and comparison with Mironasutitermes shangchengensis.
Effects of exogenous protease supplementation on endogenous trypsin activity and gene expression in broilers.
Heme Oxygenase-1 Suppresses Bovine Viral Diarrhoea Virus Replication in vitro.
Genomic Dissection of Leaf Angle in Maize (Zea mays L.) Using a Four-Way Cross Mapping Population.
Quantitative iTRAQ-based proteomic analysis of phosphoproteins and ABA-regulated phosphoproteins in maize leaves under osmotic stress.
Cloning and characterization of the pepper CaPAO gene for defense responses to salt-induced leaf senescence.
Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome Virus (PRRSV) Inhibits RNA-Mediated Gene Silencing by Targeting Ago-2.
Comparative Proteomic Analysis of Gossypium thurberi in Response to Verticillium dahliae Inoculation.
Plant-Pathogen Interaction-Related MicroRNAs and Their Targets Provide Indicators of Phytoplasma Infection in Paulownia tomentosa × Paulownia fortunei.
Cloning and expression of the sucrose transporter gene PsSUT1 from tree peony leaf.
Differences in properties and proteomes of the midribs contribute to the size of the leaf angle in two near-isogenic maize lines.
Isolation and characterization of microsatellite markers for Jasminum sambac (Oleaceae) using Illumina shotgun sequencing.
Isolation and characterization of microsatellite loci in Rehmannia glutinosa (Scrophulariaceae), a medicinal herb.
First detection and genotyping of Enterocytozoon bieneusi in reindeers (Rangifer tarandus): a zoonotic potential of ITS genotypes.
Transcriptome profile of liver at different physiological stages reveals potential mode for lipid metabolism in laying hens.
Development of SNP markers and their application for genetic diversity analysis in the oil palm (Elaeis guineensis).
Assessment of correlation between pre-miRNA-1757 polymorphism and chicken performance traits.
Making better maize plants for sustainable grain production in a changing climate.
Multicopper oxidase-1 is required for iron homeostasis in Malpighian tubules of Helicoverpa armigera.
The dynamics of Chinese variant porcine epidemic diarrhea virus production in Vero cells and intestines of 2-day old piglets.
Effects of thermo-chemical pretreatment plus microbial fermentation and enzymatic hydrolysis on saccharification and lignocellulose degradation of corn straw.
Molecular detection of vector-borne agents in dogs from ten provinces of China.
Zoonotic Cryptosporidium spp. and Enterocytozoon bieneusi in pet chinchillas (Chinchilla lanigera) in China.
Glycoprotein 5 of porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus strain SD16 inhibits viral replication and causes G2/M cell cycle arrest, but does not induce cellular apoptosis in Marc-145 cells.
Identification of single nucleotide polymorphisms in the ASB15 gene and their associations with chicken growth and carcass traits.
The first report of Cryptosporidium andersoni in horses with diarrhea and multilocus subtype analysis.
Transcriptomic Profiling Reveals Complex Molecular Regulation in Cotton Genic Male Sterile Mutant Yu98-8A.
Proteomic analysis of middle and late stages of bread wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) grain development.
Combined Small RNA and Degradome Sequencing Reveals Novel MiRNAs and Their Targets in the High-Yield Mutant Wheat Strain Yunong 3114.
Extensive Analysis of GmFTL and GmCOL Expression in Northern Soybean Cultivars in Field Conditions.
Occurrence and molecular identification of Cryptosporidium spp. in dairy calves in Xinjiang, Northwestern China.
Dynamic Analysis of Gene Expression in Rice Superior and Inferior Grains by RNA-Seq.
Physiological, Ultrastructural and Proteomic Responses in the Leaf of Maize Seedlings to Polyethylene Glycol-Stimulated Severe Water Deficiency.
THE ENDOPARASITOID Campoletis chlorideae INDUCES A HEMOLYTIC FACTOR IN THE HERBIVOROUS INSECT Helicoverpa armigera.
Analysis of integrated multiple 'omics' datasets reveals the mechanisms of initiation and determination in the formation of tuberous roots in Rehmannia glutinosa.
A New Turn on Fluorescent Probe for Selective Detection of Cysteine/Homocysteine.
Detection of viable Salmonella in ice cream by TaqMan real-time polymerase chain reaction assay combining propidium monoazide.
Molecular survey of Tamyb10-1 genes and their association with grain colour and germinability in Chinese wheat and Aegilops tauschii.
Multiresidue analysis of 36 pesticides in soil using a modified quick, easy, cheap, effective, rugged, and safe method by liquid chromatography with tandem quadruple linear ion trap mass spectrometry.
Knockdown of PKM2 induces apoptosis and autophagy in human A549 alveolar adenocarcinoma cells.
Efficient targeted mutagenesis in potato by the CRISPR/Cas9 system.
HY5 regulates nitrite reductase 1 (NIR1) and ammonium transporter1;2 (AMT1;2) in Arabidopsis seedlings.
Doubling Power Output of Starch Biobattery Treated by the Most Thermostable Isoamylase from an Archaeon Sulfolobus tokodaii.
Characteristics of morphology, electrophysiology, and central projections of two sensilla styloconica in Helicoverpa assulta larvae.
Considerations on Circuit Design and Data Acquisition of a Portable Surface Plasmon Resonance Biosensing System.
Development and evaluation of a SYBR Green real-time RT-PCR assay for detection of avian hepatitis E virus.
Tissue expression and predicted protein structures of the bovine ANGPTL3 and association of novel SNPs with growth and meat quality traits.
Detoxification strategies and regulation of oxygen production and flowering of Platanus acerifolia under lead (Pb) stress by transcriptome analysis.
Zoonotic Enterocytozoon bieneusi genotypes in Pere David's deer (Elaphurus davidianus) in Henan, China.
Insights into the novel members of the FAD2 gene family involved in high-oleate fluxes in peanut.
First report of zoonotic Cryptosporidium spp., Giardia intestinalis and Enterocytozoon bieneusi in golden takins (Budorcas taxicolor bedfordi).
First report of Enterocytozoon bieneusi from giant pandas (Ailuropoda melanoleuca) and red pandas (Ailurus fulgens) in China.
Proteomic analysis of the occlusion-derived virus of Clostera anachoreta granulovirus.
Screening for simple sequence repeat markers in Puccinia striiformis tritici based on genomic sequence.
Cryptosporidium spp., Giardia intestinalis, and Enterocytozoon bieneusi in Captive Non-Human Primates in Qinling Mountains.
Transcriptome analysis of the variations between autotetraploid Paulownia tomentosa and its diploid using high-throughput sequencing.
Dissection of the genetic architecture underlying the plant density response by mapping plant height-related traits in maize (Zea mays L.).
RNA interference of the P450 CYP6CM1 gene has different efficacy in B and Q biotypes of Bemisia tabaci.
Two proteins of Cucurbit chlorotic yellows virus, P59 and P9, are self-interacting.
Porous Carbon Nanofibers from Electrospun Biomass Tar/Polyacrylonitrile/Silver Hybrids as Antimicrobial Materials.
Effect of polymorphism within miRNA-1606 gene on growth and carcass traits in chicken.
Hierarchical MWCNTs/Fe₃O₄/PANI magnetic composite as adsorbent for methyl orange removal.
Annual Migration of Cabbage Moth, Mamestra brassicae L. (Lepidoptera: Noctuidae), over the Sea in Northern China.
Complete Genome Sequence of a Novel Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome Virus That Emerged in China.
Genetic similarities between Cyclospora cayetanensis and cecum-infecting avian Eimeria spp. in apicoplast and mitochondrial genomes.
Biomolecular Interaction Analysis Using an Optical Surface Plasmon Resonance Biosensor: The Marquardt Algorithm vs Newton Iteration Algorithm.
Identification and Characterization of 40 Isolated Rehmannia glutinosa MYB Family Genes and Their Expression Profiles in Response to Shading and Continuous Cropping.
Allelic variation at the vernalization and photoperiod sensitivity loci in Chinese winter wheat cultivars (Triticum aestivum L.).
Enterocytozoon bieneusi in Dairy Cattle in the Northeast of China: Genetic Diversity of ITS Gene and Evaluation of Zoonotic Transmission Potential.
Overexpression of ZmMAPK1 enhances drought and heat stress in transgenic Arabidopsis thaliana.
Genome-, Transcriptome- and Proteome-Wide Analyses of the Gliadin Gene Families in Triticum urartu.
Abscisic acid enhances tolerance of wheat seedlings to drought and regulates transcript levels of genes encoding ascorbate-glutathione biosynthesis.
Annual Migration of Agrotis segetum (Lepidoptera: Noctuidae): Observed on a Small Isolated Island in Northern China.
Retrieval and Mapping of Soil Texture Based on Land Surface Diurnal Temperature Range Data from MODIS.
Cloning and expression of an APETALA1-like gene from Nelumbo nucifera.
Transcriptomic Analysis of Flower Blooming in Jasminum sambac through De Novo RNA Sequencing.
Isolation and characterization of microsatellite markers for an endemic tree in East Asia, Quercus variabilis (Fagaceae).
Proteomic analysis of crop plants under abiotic stress conditions: where to focus our research?
Understanding the molecular mechanisms of human microtia via a pig model of HOXA1 syndrome.
De novo assembly and characterization of the spleen transcriptome of common carp (Cyprinus carpio) using Illumina paired-end sequencing.
Alternative methods to determine infectivity of Tulane virus: a surrogate for human nororvirus.
Prevalence of Enterocytozoon bieneusi and genetic diversity of ITS genotypes in sheep and goats in China.
Screening, Gene Cloning, and Characterizations of an Acid-Stable α-Amylase.
Effects of alfalfa saponin extract on mRNA expression of Ldlr, LXRα, and FXR in BRL cells.
Molecular cloning and functional characterization of porcine cyclic GMP-AMP synthase.
Bovine recombinant lipopolysaccharide binding protein (BRLBP) regulated apoptosis and inflammation response in lipopolysaccharide-challenged bovine mammary epithelial cells (BMEC).
Molecular characterization of Cryptosporidium spp. and Giardia duodenalis from yaks in the central western region of China.
Development of an improved competitive ELISA based on a monoclonal antibody against lipopolysaccharide for the detection of bovine brucellosis.
Adsorption of Rare Earths(Ⅲ) Using an Efficient Sodium Alginate Hydrogel Cross-Linked with Poly-γ-Glutamate.
Bioconversion of Gibberellin Fermentation Residue into Feed Supplement and Organic Fertilizer Employing Housefly (Musca domestica L.) Assisted by Corynebacterium variabile.
Construction of a triple gene-deleted Chinese Pseudorabies virus variant and its efficacy study as a vaccine candidate on suckling piglets.
Determination and dissipation of fipronil and its metabolites in peanut and soil.
Codon optimization enhances the expression of porcine β-defensin-2 in Escherichia coli.
Isolation and characterization of microsatellite markers for Axonopus compressus (Sw.) Beauv. (Poaceae) using 454 sequencing technology.
Identification and Characterization of microRNAs during Maize Grain Filling.
Phosphoproteomic analysis of the response of maize leaves to drought, heat and their combination stress.
Cellular and Subcellular Immunohistochemical Localization and Quantification of Cadmium Ions in Wheat (Triticum aestivum).
The preparation and ethanol fermentation of high-concentration sugars from steam-explosion corn stover.
Investigating the molecular genetic basis of heterosis for internode expansion in maize by microRNA transcriptomic deep sequencing.
Isolation and characterization of porcine deltacoronavirus from pigs with diarrhea in the United States.
qRT9, a quantitative trait locus controlling root thickness and root length in upland rice.
Synthesis and characterization of a new soy protein isolate/Polyamic acid salt blend films.
Characterization of Two Novel Linear B-Cell Epitopes in the Capsid Protein of Avian Hepatitis E Virus (HEV) That Are Common to Avian, Swine, and Human HEVs.
Genotyping and subtyping of Giardia and Cryptosporidium isolates from commensal rodents in China.
Screening of molecular markers linked to dwarf trait in crape myrtle by bulked segregant analysis.
Molecular identification of Cryptosporidium spp. and Giardia duodenalis in grazing horses from Xinjiang, China.
Attenuated mRNA expression of lipid metabolism genes in primary hepatocytes following lipopolysaccharide treatment in dairy cows.
Molecular cloning and tissue distribution profiles of the chicken R-spondin1 gene.
Cholesterol transport through lysosome-peroxisome membrane contacts.
Construction and immunogenicity of a recombinant pseudorabies virus co-expressing porcine circovirus type 2 capsid protein and interleukin 18.
Variation in the chicken LPIN2 gene and association with performance traits.
The effects of early life lead exposure on the expression of interleukin (IL) 1β, IL-6, and glial fibrillary acidic protein in the hippocampus of mouse pups.
MicroRNA miR-24-3p promotes porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus replication through suppression of heme oxygenase-1 expression.
Small interfering RNA targeting nonstructural protein1 α (nsp1α) of porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus (PRRSV) can reduce the replication of PRRSV in MARC-145 cells.
[Mapping and cloning of low phosphorus tolerance genes in soybeans].
Diversity and function of maize pollen coat proteins: from biochemistry to proteomics.
Identification and functional analysis of microRNAs and their targets in Platanus acerifolia under lead (Pb) stress.
Effect of nitrogen fertilisation and irrigation on phenolic content, phenolic acid composition, and antioxidant activity of winter wheat grain.
De novo characterization of fall dormant and nondormant alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.) leaf transcriptome and identification of candidate genes related to fall dormancy.
Detection of clenbuterol hydrochloride residuals in pork liver using a customized surface plasmon resonance bioanalyzer.
Virus-induced gene silencing-based functional verification of six genes associated with vernalization in wheat.
Vibrational spectra of guaiacylglycerol-β-guaiacyl ether: experiment and theory.
Multilocus genotyping of potentially zoonotic Giardia duodenalis in pet chinchillas (Chinchilla lanigera) in China.
Genetic analysis and major quantitative trait locus mapping of leaf widths at different positions in multiple populations.
Phosphoproteomic analysis of the resistant and susceptible genotypes of maize infected with sugarcane mosaic virus.
Multi-locus analysis of Giardia duodenalis from nonhuman primates kept in zoos in China: geographical segregation and host-adaptation of assemblage B isolates.
A dansyl-rhodamine ratiometric fluorescent probe for Hg2+ based on FRET mechanism.
The significance of the individual Meq-clustered miRNAs of Marek's disease virus in oncogenesis.
Enhancement of the immunogenicity of a porcine circovirus type 2 DNA vaccine by a recombinant plasmid coexpressing capsid protein and porcine interleukin-6 in mice.
To bloom or not to bloom: role of microRNAs in plant flowering.
Antimicrobial characterization of site-directed mutagenesis of porcine beta defensin 2.
Predomination and new genotypes of Enterocytozoon bieneusi in captive nonhuman primates in zoos in China: high genetic diversity and zoonotic significance.
Higher-level phylogeny of paraneopteran insects inferred from mitochondrial genome sequences.
Protein sHSP26 improves chloroplast performance under heat stress by interacting with specific chloroplast proteins in maize (Zea mays).
SNP in pre-miR-1666 decreases mature miRNA expression and is associated with chicken performance.
Genome evolution of intermediate wheatgrass as revealed by EST-SSR markers developed from its three progenitor diploid species.
Characterization of a multidrug resistance plasmid from Enterococcus faecium that harbours a mobilized bcrABDR locus.
An acidic pectin lyase from Aspergillus niger with favourable efficiency in fruit juice clarification.
Dissecting and enhancing the contributions of high-molecular-weight glutenin subunits to dough functionality and bread quality.
Development of a hybridoma cell line secreting monoclonal antibody against S protein of a Chinese variant of PEDV.
Marek's disease virus-encoded analog of microRNA-155 activates the oncogene c-Myc by targeting LTBP1 and suppressing the TGF-β signaling pathway.
In situ nitrogen mineralization, nitrification, and ammonia volatilization in maize field fertilized with urea in Huanghuaihai region of northern China.
Glycerol-3-phosphate O-acyltransferase is required for PBAN-induced sex pheromone biosynthesis in Bombyx mori.
Identification and comparative analysis of differentially expressed miRNAs in leaves of two wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) genotypes during dehydration stress.
Identification and validation of reference genes for normalization of gene expression analysis using qRT-PCR in Helicoverpa armigera (Lepidoptera: Noctuidae).
Proteomic analysis reveals differential accumulation of small heat shock proteins and late embryogenesis abundant proteins between ABA-deficient mutant vp5 seeds and wild-type Vp5 seeds in maize.
Consumption of Bt rice pollen containing Cry1C or Cry2A does not pose a risk to Propylea japonica (Thunberg) (Coleoptera: Coccinellidae).
Hg-responsive proteins identified in wheat seedlings using iTRAQ analysis and the role of ABA in Hg stress.
SNPs in the adiponectin receptor 2 gene and their associations with chicken performance traits.
Construction of a gE-Deleted Pseudorabies Virus and Its Efficacy to the New-Emerging Variant PRV Challenge in the Form of Killed Vaccine.
Three indel variants in chicken LPIN1 exon 6/flanking region are associated with performance and carcass traits.
Co-expression analysis reveals a group of genes potentially involved in regulation of plant response to iron-deficiency.
Single-chain anti-idiotypic antibody retains its specificity to porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus GP5.
Antitumor Compounds from the Stout Camphor Mushroom Taiwanofungus camphoratus (Higher Basidiomycetes) Spent Culture Broth.
Molecular characterization of Cryptosporidium spp. in pre-weaned calves in Shaanxi Province, north-western China.
Activation of CXCL-8 Transcription by Hepatitis E Virus ORF-1 via AP-1.
Ultrastructural observation of mesophyll cells and temporal expression profiles of the genes involved in transitory starch metabolism in flag leaves of wheat after anthesis.
Digital gene-expression of alfalfa saponin extract on laying hens.
